Name synonym of Acrokeratosis paraneoplastica.
Orteronel was developed for treatment of which cancer?
Which is the protein that is encoded by the gene GLT8D1?
Where is the protein Pannexin1 located?
What is the mode of inheritance of Wilson's disease?
What is the mode of inheritance of Facioscapulohumeral muscular dystrophy (FSHD)?
What kind of chromatography is HILIC?
What is the structural fold of bromodomain proteins?
Which MAP kinase phosphorylates the transcription factor c-jun?
What is the meaning of the acronym "TAILS" used in protein N-terminomics?
Which fusion protein is involved in the development of Ewing sarcoma?
Treatment of which disease was investigated in the MR CLEAN study?
What is the methyl donor of DNA (cytosine-5)-methyltransferases?
In which phase of the cell cycle arrest is impaired in Fanconi anemia?
Is there a crystal structure of Greek Goat Encephalitis?
Mutation of which gene is implicated in the Brain-lung-thyroid syndrome?
In which breast cancer patients can palbociclib be used?
What is the method FASP used for?
Which technique is used for detection of EWS/FLI1 fusion transcripts?
What is the application of the Bimolecular Fluorescence Complementation (BiFC) assay in Drosophila embryos?
What is the genetic basis of Rubinstein-Taybi syndrome?
What is the function of the AIRE gene at the embryonic stage?
Which is the human selenoprotein that contains several Se-Cys residues?
Which package is available for analysing genomic interactions in R/Bioconductor?
How many clinical trials for off-label drugs in neonates are cited in the literature.
What enzyme is inhibied by Opicapone?
Do archaeal genomes contain one or multiple origins of replication?
Which is the genetic basis of Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA)?
Which is the third subunit of the TSC1-TSC2 complex upstream of mTORC1?
Which is the most important prognosis sub-classification in Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia?
What is hyperosmia
What is the number of long non coding RNAs in the human genome
Which is the most known bacterium responsible for botulism (sausage-poisoning)?
Where is the histone variant CENPA preferentially localized?
Which is the prognostic meaning of delayed enhancement documented in patients hypertrophic cardiomyopathy?
Which is the cellular localization of the protein Opa1?
Which genome browser database for DNA shape annotations is available?
What is the enzymatic activity of the breast cancer associated gene BRCA1?
What is the function of Neu5Gc (N-Glycolylneuraminic acid)?
Which amino acid residue appears mutated in most of the cases reported with  cadasil syndrome?
Which disease is characterized by congenital absence of intrinsic ganglion cells of the gastrointestinal tract?
What is the disease in which patients are sensitive to DNA crosslinking agents, presenting with a high frequency of chromosomal aberrations?
Which syndrome is associated with mutant DVL1?
What is the target of the drug Olaparib?
What is the prognostic role of thyroid hormone in patients with heart failure?
Which gene strand is targeted by transcription-coupled repair (TCR)?
Which is the branch site consensus sequence in U12-dependent introns?
What is the suggested therapy for Mycobacterium avium infection?
What is the genetic basis of tuberous sclerosis?
What is the molecular function of the Chd1 protein?
Which protein has been found to interact with phospholamban (PLN) and is also an anti-apoptotic protein?
What is the number of protein coding genes in the human genome?
What is the indication for prophylactic use of antibiotics in COPD?
Which protein is the E3-ubiquitin ligase that targets the tumor suppressor p53 for proteasomal degradation?
What is the proportion of non canonical splice sites in the human genome?
What is the causative agent of the "Panama disease" affecting bananas?
Which biomarker is widely used in the diagnosis of Ewing sarcoma?
Which signalling pathway is involved in Tuberous Sclerosis?
Which is the relation between sweating and anaerobic threshold?
Name monoclonal antibody against SLAMF7.
What is the characteristic feature of the Dyke-Davidoff-Masson syndrome.
Which gene is involved in the development of Barth syndrome?
How many genera comprise the Flaviviridae family?
Mutation of which gene is associated with Achondroplasia?
Which type of lung cancer is the most strongly associated with Lambert-Eaton syndrome?
What distinguishes lantibiotics from antibiotics?
The antibodies MK-3475 and CT-011 have shown promising results in treating malignancies. Which protein are they targeting?
What family do mDia proteins belong in?
Which is the most common measure of differences between dinucleotide relative abundance "genomic signatures"
Name a method for enrichment of arginine-methylated peptides.
Rindopepimut is an analog of which growth factor?
From which tissue was the NCI-H520 cell-line derived?
What is the incidence of Edwards syndrom in the european population?
What tyrosine kinase, involved in a Philadelphia- chromosome positive chronic myelogenous leukemia, is the target of Imatinib (Gleevec)?
When was empagliflozin FDA approved?
Which R/bioconductor package is used for integrative genomics visualizations?
How many genes are imprinted in the human genome?
In which cells are A-type lamins expressed?
Gene silencing can be achieved by RNA interference (RNAi) in eukaryotic organisms. What is the name of the analogous process in prokaryotic organisms?
How is connected "isolated Non-compaction cardiomyopathy" with dilated cardiomyopathy?
Which is the most common cause of sudden cardiac death in young athletes?
Which gene is involved in Giant Axonal Neuropathy?
Which is the  subcellular localization of ERAP2?
At which kind of individuals is pharmacological treatment of subclinical hypothyroidism effective in reducing cardiovascular events?
Which deficiency is the cause of restless leg syndrome?
What histone modification is recognized by the bromodomain?
How many periods of regulatory innovation led to the evolution of vertebrates?
Which hormone abnormalities are common in Williams syndrome ?
What molecule is targeted by brodalumab?
How long, in kb (kilobases),  is a "Long interspersed nuclear element"?
Which is the gene mutated in type 1 neurofibromatosis?
What is the mode of inheritance of nemaline myopathy?
Which syndrome is NHE6 associated with?
Why is lock mass used in Orbitrap measurements?
Which virus is Cidofovir (Vistide) indicated for?
Which translocation is the hallmark of Ewing sarcoma?
What is the effect of CRD-BP on the stability of c-myc mRNA?
What is the molecular function of psoralen photobinding on DNA?
Which is the enzymatic activity of the myotubularin family of proteins?
What is the percentage of responders to tetrabenazine treatment for dystonia in children?
What is situs inversus?
What is the indication of Daonil (Glibenclamide)?
Which is the most typical peptide sequence responsible for retrieval of endoplasmic reticulum (ER) lumenal proteins from the Golgi apparatus?
Which eye condition is managed by the athens protocol?
Is Rheumatoid Arthritis more common in men or women?
Which methyl-CpG-binding protein when mutant becomes the hallmark for Rett syndrome?
Which is the molecular weight of the protein angiogenin?
What is the gene mutated in the Gaucher disease?
Which disease is included as an additional feature in the Goldberg-Shprintzen syndrome?
Which protein is causing Netherton syndrome?
Which deiodinase is known to be present in liver?
How early during pregnancy does non-invasive cffDNA testing allow sex determination of the fetus?
What is the life expectancy of professional athletes in respect to the general population?
How is OCT3 associated with serotonin?
Which signaling pathway is activating the dishevelled proteins?
Which is the defective protein causing the lysosomal storage disease Fabry?
What was the purpose of the FANTOM5 project?
What disease in Loxapine prominently used for?
Which antibodies cause Riedel thyroiditis?
Which antiepileptic drug is most strongly associated with spina bifida? 
Which bacteria caused plague?
Oxantel is used for periodontitis treatment. How does it work?
What is apelin?
What is the function of the protein encoded by the gene PABPC4?
What kind of enzyme is encoded by the proto-oncogene ABL1?
What is the mode of inheritance of Romano Ward long QT syndrome?
Which gene is associated with the Mitchell-Riley syndrome?
What is the link between HOT regions and RNA polymerase recruitment?
Which is the target protein of the drug nivolumab?
What is the functional role of the protein Drp1?
What does isradipine do to L-type channels?
Which type of myeloma is ixazomib being evaluated for?
To which family does the Zika virus belong?
Which is the molecular mechanism underlying K-ras alterations in carcinomas?
What is the main symptom of Marfan syndrome patients?
How is myotonic dystrophy inherited?
Which protein phosphatase has been found to interact with the heat shock protein, HSP20?
Neurostimulation of which nucleus is used for treatment of dystonia?
What is the mode of inheritance of Marchesani syndrome?
What is the cause of episodic ataxia type 6?
Which hormone deficiency is implicated in the Costello syndrome ?
When are itaconic acid levels elevated?
Which protein does empagliflozin inhibit?
What is the clinical indication of cardiac T1 mapping magnetic resonance?
Which autophagy pathway is trigered by the KFERQ motif of cytosolic proteins?
Which is the phosphorylated residue in the promoter paused form of RNA polymerase II?
Describe a diet that reduces the chance of kidney stones.
Which is the physiological target for LeuRS translational quality control?
Which gene test can be used for the X-linked myotubular myopathy?
In which cells are gasdermins expressed?
Where in a protein can a signal sequence be found?
In which condition was protein S100A7 originally identified?
What is the typical alteration of the thyroid profile metabolism early after coronary artery bypass graft surgery?
What does the SAGA complex acronym stands for?
Which polyQ tract protein is linked to Spinocerebellar Ataxia type 2?
Which are the smallest known subviral pathogens of plants?
What causes Katayama Fever?
Which is the database of molecular recognition features in membrane proteins?
Which database is available for the identification of chorion proteins in Lepidopteran proteomes?
Which kinase is inhibited by Tripolin A?
Which is the cellular target of gefitinib?
What is the risk of developing acute myelogenous leukemia in Fanconi anemia?
How many different mutations have been associated with Muenke syndrome?
How can the fetal Rhesus be determined with non-invasive testing?
DX-88 is investigational name of which drug?
Do the Sleeping Beauty or the piggyBac transposons have higher transposition efficiency?
Which is the most common type of pediatric cerebellar tumor?
Which is the E3 ubiquitin ligase of Hsp90?
In which kingdom do microsporidia belong, according to their current classification scheme?
What is the effect of a defective CLN3 gene?
Which pituitary adenoma is common cause of infertility is women?
What is the lipid droplet used for in the cell?
What is the function of circular RNA?
What is the presumed key event in Fanconi anemia pathogenesis?
Which trancription factor activates the betalain pathway?
Is the H3K4me3 histone mark related to transcriptional initiation or elongation?
What does polyadenylate-binding protein 4 (PABP4) bind to?
Which intermediate filament (IF) protein can be used as a non-specific marker of the neuronal precursor cells of the subventricular zone?
Which enzyme is involved in the maintenance of DNA (cytosine-5-)-methylation?
Which cell type has the protein Chromogranin A as marker?
Which gene harbors the mutation T790M?
Which is the protein implicated in Spinocerebellar ataxia type 3?
What does mTOR stands for?
What is the sedimentation coefficient of the mammalian mitoribosome?
Which receptor is targeted by telcagepant?
Which translocation is harbored in the Askin tumor cells?
Which R/bioconductor package utilizes the Hilbert curve in order to visualize genomic data?
Which pathway is activated by ficolin-3?
What is targeted by monoclonal antibody Pembrolizumab?
What is the mode of inheritance of Facioscapulohumeral muscular dystrophy (FSHD)?
What is commotio cordis?
What is the cause of Phthiriasis Palpebrarum?
Which gene is mutated in a subtype of arrhythmogenic right ventricular cardiomyopathy known as Naxos disease?
Which peripheral neuropathy has been associated with NDRG1 mutations?
Which is the receptor for substrates of Chaperone Mediated Autophagy?
What is the mode of inheritance of short QT syndrome?
What was the purpose of the FANTOM3 project?
Which intraflagellar transport (IFT) motor protein has been linked to human skeletal ciliopathies?
What is the link between Nonidet-40 (NP-40) and biotinylation?
Which is the transcript responsible for X-chromosome inactivation?
Which domain allowing self-association do exist in TDP-43 and FUS proteins?
What type of enzyme is peroxiredoxin 2 (PRDX2)?
Which G protein is essential in the formation and function of lamellipodia?
What can Nothobranchius furzeri be used as a model system for?
Which gene is involved in CADASIL?
What are the structures formed when keratin molecules come together?
Which is the prognostic impact of hypothyroidism in patients with acute myocardial infarction?
Which gene is associated with Muenke syndrome?
Which is the main regulatory molecule of SERCA2A function in the cardiac muscle?
Which gene is responsible for the development of the Mowat-Wilson syndrome?
Which factor interacts with Treslin/TICRR throughout the cell cycle of human cells?
Which medication should be administered when managing patients with suspected acute opioid overdose?
Which type of GTPases is required for amino acid-dependent activation of mTORC1?
What is the synonym of the lubag disease?
Which  is the execution time (complexity) of the Smith-Waterman algorithm for the alignment of two sequences
What is Piebaldism?
Which SLC family is FLVCR1 a member of?
Where are the orexigenic peptides synthesized?
Which inherited disorder is known to be caused by mutations in the NEMO gene?
How are ultraconserved elements called when they form clusters?
How many selenoproteins are encoded in the human genome?
In which yeast chromosome does the rDNA cluster reside?
During which stage of the cell cycle is cohesin deposited on the yeast genome?
What is the link between Dax1 and Esrrb?
What is dovitinib?
Which heat shock protein is found to be upregulated during Hsp90 inhibition?
Which gene is responsible for the development of Sotos syndrome?
What is the name for anorexia in gymnasts?
Approximately how many recombination hotspots have been found in the yeast genome?
What is the name of the stem loop present in the 3' end of genes encoding for selenoproteins?
Which SWI/SNF protein complex subunit has been demonstrated to interact with the FANCA gene product?
Which clotting factor is inhibited by betrixaban?
What is the outcome of TAF10 interacting with the GATA1 transcription factor?
How is bladder wall thickness measured?
Which gene has been found to be mutant in Lesch-Nyhan Disease patients?
What is the gene frequently mutated in Multiple endocrine neoplasia 2 (MEN2) and Hisrchsprung disease?
From which sequence does the Alu repeat originate from?
Abnormality in which vertebral region is important in the Bertolotti's syndrome?
What does iBAQ stand for in proteomic analysis?
Which is the main target of the anti-arrhythmic activity of flecainide?
Which is the most prevalent form of arrhythmia worldwide?
Mutations in which gene determine response to both erlotinib and gefitinib?
What is the content of the METLIN database?
Which is the RNA sequence of the canonical polyadenylation signal?
What is the role of the RUNX1-MYEF2 complex?
What is the relationship between thyroid hormone and inflammatory markers in heart failure patients?
What is the color of the protein Ranasmurfin?
Which histone modification is primarily linked to elongating transcription?
Which interleukin is blocked by Siltuximab?
ROSIER scale is used for which disorder?
Which is the subcellular localization of the protein angiogenin?
Which gene has been implicated in Majeed Syndrome?
What is Trypan blue used for?
Selexipag is used for which disease?
What is the RESID database?
Which is the chromosomal location of the gene MAOA?
Idarucizumab is an antidote of which drug?
What is the Pfam database?
What is a popular mesaure of gene expression in RNA-seq experiments?
Inhibition of which enzyme is mechanism of action of alisertib?
Which protein is affected by dusp8 activation?
What is the incidence of cystic fibrosis in the caucasian population?
What is the effect of thapsigargin treatment?
What is the Her2 status in Li-Fraumeni syndrome?
What is the disorder in which mutations in U4atac snRNA are detected?
What is the physiological role of LKB1 involved in Peutz-Jeghers syndrome?
What is the prognostic role of alterred thyroid profile after cardiosurgery?
Which gene fusion is the result of the "philadelphia translocation" or the "philadelphia chromosome" mutation?
Which syndrome is associated with OATP1B1 and OATP1B3 deficiency?
Which type of lung cancer is afatinib used for?
Which tool is used for promoterome mining using CAGE data?
Which protein interacts with the Ragulator-RAG GTPases to control mTOR activity?
Galassi classification is used for which disorder?
Which type of genes are modulated by SATB1?
Which protein pathway is regulating SGK1-mediated phosphorylation of FOXO3a to control cell proliferation?
What is the function of caspases?
Which are the coactivators of the Yes-associated protein (yap)?
How many genes outside of the MHC locus have been genetically associated to Rheumatoid Arthritis through GWAS?
In which phase of cell cycle does  stress-induced transcription-associated mutagenesis (TAM) occur?
Which tumor suppressor is referred to as "the guardian of the genome"?
Which drug should be used as an antidote in benzodiazepine overdose?
What is the definitive treatment for low pressure headache?
What is the incidence of sudden cardiac death among young athletes?
How much should be the duration of the QT interval in patients with short QT syndrome?
Which disease is linked to mutations within BRAG1?
What is the inheritance pattern of Hunter disease or mucopolysaccharidosis II?
What is the effect of the absence of Saccharomyces cerevisiae Rrm3p?
What is the ubiquitin proteome?
What is the effect induced by sympathetic nervous system on pupil size?
What is the inheritance pattern of Apert syndrome?
Which is the most widely used model for the study of multiple sclerosis (MS)?
What is the usual HER-2 status in breast cancer associated with Li-Fraumeni syndrome?
Which domain of TIA-1 is necessary for stress granule assembly?
What is the characteristic domain of histone methyltransferases?
Which is the major phytoalexin in alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.)?
Which protein is the main inhibitor of protein phosphatase 1 (PP1)?
Which protein is required for Argonaute 2 recruitment to stress granules and P-bodies?
Which drug is benserazide usually co-administered with?
What is the inheritance pattern of Catecholaminergic Polymorphic Ventricular Tachycardia (CPVT) caused by RYR2 mutations?
Which is the most abundant membrane protein on Earth?
What is the most probable defect underlying triple negative breast cancer?
Which enzyme is deficient in Krabbe disease?
Is there any genetic determinant of hair pigmentation that could be useful in forensic analyses?
Which is the main calcium binding protein of the sarcoplasmic reticulum?
What is the mode of inheritance in Fanconi anemia?
What memory problems are reported in the " Gulf war syndrome"
Which mutation is associated with PLMS (periodic limb movements in sleep)?
Which DNA repair system is involved in HNPCC?
Mention the only available genomics and developmental transcriptomics resource for the urochordate Oikopleura dioica
Which hormone receptor function is altered in patients with Donohue syndrome?
What is the typical rash associated with gluten ?
Which is the vector of Louping ill virus?
Which value of nuchal translucency thickness is set as the threshold for high-risk for Down Syndrome?
What is the function of the spliceosome complex?
What is the effect of enamel matrix derivative on pulp regeneration?
To what extent does HPV vaccination reduce the risk for cervical cancer?
Which is the clinical meaning of the presence of delayed enhancement in patients with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy?
What disease is mirtazapine predominantly used for?
Is cancer related to global DNA hypo or hypermethylation?
Which is the protein (antigen) targeted by anti-Vel antibodies in the Vel blood group?
Intact macromolecular assemblies are analysed by advanced mass spectrometry. How large complexes (in molecular weight) have been studied?
What is targeted by Palbociclib?
Which peptide plays a pivotal role in human cystatin C fibrillization?
What is the gold standard treatment for Iatrogenic male incontinence?
Which is the main CHEK2 genetic variant, thought to be involved in familial breast cancer?
Where in the cell does the proteins S100A4 and p53 interact ?
What is the major adverse effect of adriamycin(doxorubicin)?
Which is the most common editing modification in eukaryotic mRNA?
What disease is small bowel lymphoma commonly associated with
Which calcium/calmodulin dependent protein phosphatase is involved in the activation of the family of NFAT transcription factors (Nuclear Factors of Activated T cells)?
What histone trimethylation has been associated to RNA splicing?
What was the purpose of the FANTOM4 project?
What gene test is recommended for clopidogrel?
Which drug is considered as the first line treatment of fibromyalgia?
What is the indication for isradipine?
What type of DNA repair pathways is initiated by AlkA glycosylase?
Where is the metaxin complex localized?
How can the expression of SerH3 immobilization antigen be regulated?
Which is the receptor for the immunosuppressive drug cyclosporin A (CsA)?
Which is the gene most commonly mutated in Tay-Sachs disease?
What is the localization of the protein encoded by the gene DNAJC11?
Which hormone abnormalities are characteristic to Pendred syndrome?
What is the mode of inheritance of  long QT  Jervell and Lange-Nielsen syndrome?
Does dasatinib promote or inhibit T-cell proliferation?
Which population has a high frequency of the HLA-B*1502 allele?
Which is the substrate of the haspin kinase during mitosis?
Are most driver gene mutations synonymous or non-synonymous?
Which cyclin- dependent kinase inhibitor is regulated by Bmi-1?
Which protein is found to be mutated in Friedreich's ataxia?
Which is the process that Conserved noncoding elements mostly regulate?
Which is the histone residue methylated by MLL1?
Which type of cells is affected in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis?
Patients of which disease could be treated by utilizing knowledge obtained from experiments suppressing TDP-43 toxicity in yeast?
What is the mechanism of viroid replication?
Mutation of which gene is associated with McLeod syndrome?
Which is the molecular target of the immunosuppressant drug Rapamycin?
What is the mode of inheritance of Acromicric dysplasia?
Where does CTCF colocalize with cohesin?
Which compound is a specific inhibitor for Nox1 and Nox4?
What is the Drosophila melanogaster Groucho protein?
Which is the most widely used anti-TNF drug?
Which is the main difference between Alu and B1 repeats?
What is the frequency of mutations induced spontaneously through Ethylnitrosourea (ENU) mutagenesis?
Willis-Ekbom disease is also known as?
Which enzyme is inhibited by niraparib?
Which peak calling algorithm employs mixture model clustering under the hood?
Which drug was tested in the TEMSO Trial for multiple sclerosis?
What is the incidence of beta-thalassemia in Greek population?
Which gene-defect causes the Vel-blood type?
What molecule is targeted by Avelumab?
Which R package is used for the detection of chromosomal abnormalities from microarray data?
Which is the "bonding hormone"?
Which tool employs self organizing maps for analyzing synonymous codon usage?
Which is the chromosome area that the human gene coding for the dopamine transporter (DAT1) is located to?
What type of mutation is causing the industrial melanism phenotype in peppered moths?
What gene is mutated in Huntington's disease?
Which software package is available for the analysis of conserved genomic loci?
What is trichotillomania?
When did the polio vaccine becomes available?
What is the effect of nocodazole cell treatment?
Which ApoE isoform is associated with hyperlipoproteinemia?
Which server is used for simulation of macromolecular diffusional association?
Can you define iatrogenic disease?
Where do the Schwann cells and melanocytes originate from?
What is plantar fasciitis
Which is the enzymatic activity of OTULIN?
Which R package is used for visualization of linear and circular karyotypes?
Where is Akkermansia muciniphila found?
Which NADPH oxidase family member requires interaction with NOXO1 for function?
Which mutated gene is associated with Waardenburg and Tietz syndromes?
What is the function of R-spondin 1 and noggin in non-damaged gallbladders?
What is formin associated with in the snail?
Which is the genome browser database for DNA shape annotations?
Where can you find the annulus of Zinn?
What is the indication for SLCO1B1 genotyping?
Which disease is treated with Nusinersen?
Which disease the London mutation involved in?
How many microorganisms are present in human normal gut?
Viliuisk encephalomyelitis is diagnosed in which geographical area?
What is the drug target for Simtuzumab?
What is Dravet syndrome?
What does the human ABCC gene  product do?
Which is the relation between coffee consumption and stroke risk?
Which R package is used for the analysis of genome-wide DNA methylation profiles?
What is the incidence of new cases of X-linked adrenoleukodystrophy (ALD) in Australian and New Zealand in the late 1990's?
Which is the largest metabolic gene cluster in yeast?
What organism causes woolsorter's disease
Which annotated database of A-to-I RNA editing is available?
What chromosome is affected in Turner's syndrome?
What is the aim of the TRAP assay?
Which R / bioconductor package is used for performing SNP enrichment analysis?
What tissue is most affected in Ehlers-Danlos syndromes?
Which library is used for fixed-length approximate string matching?
Which mutated enzyme is responsible for oculocutaneous 1 (OCA1)-type albinism?
Which protein mediates the replacement of H2A by H2A.Z in the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae?
What fruit causes Jamaican vomiting sickness?
Which gene is mutated in the Karak syndrome?
Which disease is associated with mutated Sox2?
What is the function of calcium-sensing receptor (CaSR)?
Which protein mediates gene loop formation in the yeast S. cerevisiae?
Which virus type causes Molluscum contagiosum?
What is the function of BAX
Which tool is available for predicting regulatory interactions from ChIP-seq data?
What is the enzymatic activity of PARL?
Which gene controls the expression of GATA-1 isoforms?
Which is the main abnormality that arises with Sox9 locus duplication?
To which disease does the loss of CD28 expression by liver-infiltrating T cells contribute?
What is the effect of the direct interaction of Ikaros and Foxp1 in B-lymphocytes?
Which syndrome is caused by deletion of Pds5b in mice?
What is the inheritance of Barth syndrome?
Which technique led to the elucidation of the role of HOXD10 in regulating lymphatic endothelial responses to VEGF-C?
What alternate indication has Vanoxerine been repositioned for?
What is the applicability of the No Promoter Left Behind method?
What is the indication of ARCALYST?
What is the genus for the common European honey bee?
Where is the TAZ (G4.5) is located in humans?
What do nerve-associated peripheral glial progenitors give rise to?
How many topological associated domains are contained in the human Hox cluster?
What is the results of inactivated ANGPLT3?
What percentage of rheumatoid arthritis patients are responsive to anti-TNF therapy?
What condition is usually represented by the acronym SUDEP?
Which disease can be categorized using the Koos grading system?
What is the inheritance of the glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency?
Which enzyme is inhibited by ribociclib?
What is  Achondroplasia?
What is the cause of Tardive dyskinesia?
How are Arboviruses transmitted?
Which bacterium has the smallest genome in base pairs yet found?
What is a miR?
Which server is used for generating modes of pseudo components of DNA, RNA and protein sequences?
Which class of genes are mutated in Diamond Blackfan Anemia patients?
The pathogen Fusarium graminearum affects what type of plant species?
Angelman syndrome is associated with deletion of a part of Chromosome 15 but if the deletion occurs in the paternally inherited chromosome 15, what is the disease?
What is the phenotype of people carrying mutations in the gene PRDM12?
Which cellular function is associated with transcription factors forkhead 1 and 2 (Fkh1 and Fkh2)?
What type of genome, (RNA or DNA, double stranded single stranded) is found in the the virus that causes blue tongue disease?
What is a "chemobrain"?
Borden classification is used for which disease?
Which effects create neighborhoods of transcriptional regulation in eukaryotes?
What is the indication for valbenazine?
What organism causes tularemia?
Which method is used for prediction of novel microRNA genes in cancer-associated genomic regions?
How many times is CLAST faster than BLAST?
From which cell type is leptin secreted?
What body parts are also known as phalanges?
Which disease is treated with lucinactant?
Which enzyme is inhibited by ixazomib?
Which R package could be used for the identification of pediatric brain tumors?
What is the role of TAD protein domain?
What is the administration route of IVIG in Alzheimer's disease patients?
What is measured through the NOMe-Seq methodology?
Do origins of replication close to yeast centromeres fire early or late?
How many genes constitute the DosR regulon, controlled by the dormancy survival regulator (DosR) in Mycobacterium tuberculosis?
How many Groucho-related genes (GRG) are contained in the mouse genome?
What is a coligo?
Which algorithm is used by the UCSC Genome Browser?
Which aminoacid position in the human CREB protein is phosphorylated?
Which gene is the paralog of yeast UPC2?
Where is the enzyme PM20D1 localized?
Which test is used to diagnose colour synesthesia?
How does increased GDF15 affect body weight?
What is inhibited by a drug rilotumumab?
Which RNA polymerase II subunit carries RNA cleavage activity?
How many of the human PML isoforms are cytosolic?
What does davunetide do to microtubules?
Which method for subsampling of NGS reads requires only gene counts?
Which topoisomerase is essential in yeast?
What is the genetic basis of Ohdo syndrome?
Which R/Bioconductor package has been developed for the analysis of psychiatric disease genes?
Which Janus kinase does decernotinib target?
What is the function of the gene MDA5?
Which is the conserved motif of DEAD box proteins?
Which individuals show preferential colonization of the Prevotellaceae bacteria in their guts?
What is the function of the TMEM132 genes?
Which retinal dystrophy related gene is targeted by the AAV2-hRPE65v2 drug?
What is the name of the RNAi investigational drug being developed against hereditary amyloidosis?
What causes "Puffy hand syndrome"?
Which virus can be diagnosed with the monospot test?
Which bacteria causes erythrasma?
Which workflow in Bioconductor has been developed for accessing human RNA-seq samples?
What is the preferred orientation of CTCF binding sites for chromatin looping?
Which R/Bioconductor package has been developed for cancer subtype identification?
Which R/bioconductor package has been developed to aid in epigenomic analysis?
What is a potential side effect for Tymlos?
Which disorder has been approved for treatment with Alk inhibitors?
Which algorithm has been developed in order to improve multiple circular sequence alignment using refined sequences?
Fusarium oxysporum f. sp lycopersici. is a plant pathogen in plants producing what common food?
What are check point inhibitors?
Which data simulator is available for CLIP-SEQ experiments?
Falciform ligament sign is characteristic to which disease?
In November 2017,  in what phase  was  the clinical trial for the drug SYL040012?
Which method has been developed for assignment of enhancers to target genes?
What is a SERM?
Which resource contains accurate enhancer predictions in the developing limb?
Which personality disorder is treated using dialectical behavior therapy?
Clue cells are characteristics to which causative bacteria of vaginitis?
Which disease is diagnosed using the Finkelstein's test?
For which type of cancer can uc.189 be used as a potential prognostic biomarker?
What causes Black Lung?
Which package in Bioconductor has been developed with the aim to analyze differential DNA loops from sequencing data?
Which ligament is most commonly injured in dashboard injury?
Which tool exists for microsatellite (SSR) loci detection and primer design?
Treatment of which disease was studied in the Gore REDUCE Clinical Study?
What is the preDIVA clinical trial?
Milwaukee protocol was tested for treatment of which disease?
What does intepirdine target?
Which R package has been developed for analyzing Non-invasive prenatal testing (NIPT) data?
Which sequence-based algorithm for branch point prediction has been proposed?
What organism causes scarlet fever also known as scarletina?
What is the BioArchive system?
Which protein is regulated by Tudor interacting repair regulator (TIRR)?
Which algorithm is used for detection of long repeat expansions?
Which brain tumors does neuroligin-3 promote?
What is liquid liquid phase transition?
What is the approximate size of gas vesicles?
What is the proteoform?
How does neuronal activity affect neuroligin-3?
What is the association of the protein RAB10 and Alzheimers disease?
What is emicizumab?
Which algorithm has been developed for prediction of protein subcellular localization using deep learning?
Gallbladder carriage is a well recognised means of spread of which bacteria?
What does MetaHIT stand for?
What drug cures hepatitis C?
What can be predicted with the Wells criteria?
What is the ChIP-exo method used for?
Where do mitochondrial DNA deletion breakpoints tend to occur?
Which is the enzymatic activity of nardilysin?
The common house cat, Felis silvestris catus and the domestic dog, Canis familiaris both belong to what taxonomic order?
In which syndrome is the RPS19 gene most frequently mutated?
What type of sequences do enhancers evolve from?
What nerve is involved in carpal tunnel syndrome?
What is the function of LOX proteins in the ECM?
Where in the body would the navicular bone be found?
Name an lncRNA associated with dilated cardiomyopathy.
Which bacteria was EcoRI, restriction endonuclease isolated from?
Which is the main reason for the increase in the incidence of cryptococcal disease?
Which is the main protein in brown adipose tissue (BAT) active in thermogenesis?
What is the function of HDAC  proteins?
What is the H4S47C cleavage mapping method used for?
In what percentage of skeletal muscle fibers is dystrophin expression restored after PPMO- mediated exon skipping?
Which miRNA is associated with the circular RNA ciRS-7?
Which are the two main bacterial phyla in human gut?
Which test is used for the definition of colour-blindness?
Of what origin is the MCF-7 cell line?
Cytochrome p450 CYP3A is induced by rifampicin  and compounds used to treat what virus?
Which human chromosome is the product of fusion?
What drug treatment can cause a spinal epidural hematoma?
What is the nucleotide composition of the Lamin Associated Domains (LADs)?
What is the clathrin triskelia structure?
What percentage of Homo sapiens DNA is of Neanderthal origin?
Are human enhancers or promoters evolving faster?
What biologic process in the body is associated with Mast cells?
What part of the body is affected by mesotheliomia?
Which gene is responsible for proper speech development?
What is PNPPP?
What does the pembrolizumab companion diagnostic test assess?
What is the combined effect of Nfat and miR-25?
Which genomic positions are preferentially selected for transposon insertion?
Which Lisp framework has been developed for image processing?
Which gene controls the consistency of cerumen (ear wax)?
What is the origin of human breast milk bacteria?
Which species is the carrier of the SFTS ( severe fever with thrombocytopenia syndrome) virus?
Which algorithm has been developed for the automatic extraction of co-expressed gene clusters from gene expression data?
Which member of the human mycobiota is associated to atherosclerosis?
Where is the protein Bouncer located?
How many genes in S. cerevisiae are the result of an ancient whole genome duplication?
Which tool has been developed for coverage calculation for genomes?
Which type of sarcoma has been associated with members of the oral microbiome?
Which approach was used to diagnose a patient with Cutis Verticis Gyrata-Intellectual Disability (CVG-ID) syndrome?
Cemiplimab is used for treatment of which cancer?
Which cancer has the kynureninase pathway been associated to?
What is a GPI anchor?
What is the function of PAPOLA/PAP?
Which database associates human noncoding SNPs with their three-dimensional interacting genes?
In which phase of clinical trials was sutezolid in 2018?
What is gingipain?
For which disease is sutezolid developed?
What does gepotidacin do to bacteria?
What is the role of fucokinase?
Which algorithm has been developed for trio-based benchmarking of variant calls?
How many pseudogenes are contained in the C. elegans genome?
What is a Aquaporin channel?
What is cluster of differentiation?
Which tool has been developed for tagging biomedical concepts via interactive learning?
Which cells produce Interleukin 17A?
What is the genetic cause of Roberts syndrome?
Which database has been developed that contains experimentally-confirmed carbonylated proteins?
A herd immunity of what percentage of the population is required to prevent sporadic outbreaks?
As of September 2018, what machine learning algorithm is used to for cardiac arrhythmia detection from a  short single-lead ECG recorded by a wearable device?
What disease is treated with Laparoscopic Heller Myotomy (LHM)?
What is evaluated with the SAD PERSONS scale?
Which human disease is experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis (EAE) model for?
What is the cause if the rare disease cystinosis?
Which molecular does daratumumab target?
What is the function of Plasminogen activator inhibitor 1?
Which tool has been developed for GPU-accelerated alignment of bisulfite-treated DNA sequences?
Which disease is gemtuzumab ozogamicin used for?
Where does gemtuzumab ozogamicin bind?
Where, in what US state, was there a measles outbreak in an Amish community
What is the predicted function for TMEM132 family?
What type of topoisomerase inhibitor is gepotidacin?
What is the normal function p53?
What is the 3D tomography imaging technique for diagnosis of  eye disease?
Which was the first mutant IDH2 inhibitor to be approved for patients with acute myeloid leukemia?
Which disease is PGT121 used for?
Name one CCR4 targeted drug.
Which algorithm has been developed for finding conserved non-coding elements (CNEs) in genomes?
What causes Bathing suit Ichthyosis(BSI)?
Which random forest method has been developed for detecting Copy Numbers Variants (CNVs)?
What is the indication for Truvada?
Mutations in which gene have been found in patients with the CLAPO syndrome?
What is anophthalmia?
What is the most common pediatric glioma?
What is the function of the protein encoded by the gene STING?
Which molecule is inhibited by larotrectinib?
What is nyctinasty in plants?
Which deep learning algorithm has been developed for variant calling?
What is the percentage of individuals at risk of dominant medically actionable disease?
Fecal transplantation is used to treat infection with what bacteria?
When did delafloxacin receive its first approval in the USA for acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections?
Which enzyme is inhibited by a drug Lorlatinib?
What periodontal disease associated bacteria is also associated with Alzheimer's disease?
How does the Cholera toxin enter a cell?
What organism causes hepatic capillariasis?
Which ploidy-agnostic method has been developed for estimating telomere length from whole genome sequencing data?
What happens to retrotransposons during ageing?
Which enzyme is deficient in Wolman disease?
What is MOV10?
What is the exoproteome?
Which protein is the Mitochondrial carrier homolog 2 (MTCH2) receptor for?
What organism causes Rhombencephalitis?
What antibiotic is currently used as the standard of care for Clostridium Difficile infection as of 2018
Under which environment does SELANSI run?
What is the name of the Cas13 based diagnostic test for the Zika and dengue viruses?
What type of drug is apixaban?
Which tissue secretes vaspin?
Phlorotannin is extracted from what plant?
Where are pannexins localized?
Which tool is used to visualise the junction sites of chloroplast genomes?
What is the difference between CRISPR-Cas12a and CRISPR-Cpf1?
Which Python tool has been developed for network-based stratification of tumor mutations?
Through which protein interaction does MLP regulate F-actin dynamics?
Where is fatty acid binding protein 2 expressed?
Which gene mutation is associated with Woodhouse Sakati syndrome?
Losigamone can be used for treatment of which disease?
How many pseudokinases are there in the human kinome?
Which tool has been developed for visualization of non-covalent contacts?
Which was the first approved tumor treatment using a common biomarker rather than specified tumor locations in the body?
What is the cause of a STAG3 truncating variant?
What is the function of the protein Magt1?
What is the function of the transcriptional co-activator p300?
What is another name for the plant Sideritis scardica?
From where is gamabufotalin (GBT) isolated?
What is a mitosome?
What is the price of KYMRIAH treatment in 2019?
Human dihydroorotate dehydrogenase is a drug target and is involved in what biosynthetic pathway
What is the effect of NFIA on astrocyte differentiation?
Where is the protein protamine 2 expressed?
What is the aim of the MitoCeption protocol?
Name a CFL2 mutation which is associated with nemaline myopathy?
What cellular process is the gene product of NANOG involved in?
Rickettsia felis was described as a human pathogen almost two decades ago, what is it's main arthropod vector?
What is a exposome?
What does the strimvelis treatment consist of?
What is predicted using SURFY?
Which was the first adeno-associated virus vector gene therapy product approved in the United States?
Which gene therapy treatment is FDA approved for retinal dystrophy?
What is the function of the cGAS pathway?
What does RUNX2 stand for?
Where, in the body, would the Cobb-Stainsby excision arthroplasty be performed?
Which company produces patisiran?
What protein is recruited by Crumbs to regulate tracheal development?
Where in the body, is ghrelin secreted?
What is resistin?
What is the function of GvpA?
Which syndrome is associated to SAMHD1 gene mutations?
What is the results of mutations in the gene autoimmune regulator?
What disease is associated with mutations in the MECP2 transcription factor?
Which receptor is inhibited by bimagrumab?
When was Afrezza approved by the FDA?
How many proteins have been queried for protein partners by the Drosophila protein interaction map (DPiM)?
Which is the target of belimumab in Systemic Lupus Erythematosus treatment?
Salzburg EEG criteria are used to diagnose which disorder?
Central Vein Sign is characteristic to which disease?
Which is the catalytic activity of the protein encoded by the gene KMT2C? 
Which is the most mutated gene in dilated cardiomyopathy (DCM)?
Which type of cells protect Haematopoietic stem and progenitor cells (HSPCs) from ultraviolet-light-induced DNA damage in aquatic vertebrates?
Which is the primary interacting protein of BLK?
How many doses of vaxchora are required?
What is the SLC25A20 protein transporting?
Which bacteria causes rat bite fever?
Which graph database is used by the Reactome graph database?
What is the route of administration of vaxchora?
What is the target of the drug remdesivir?
Which algorithm has been developed for detecting expansions of tandem repeats?
Cushing's disease is associated with a tumor in what part of the body?
Which was the first genetically modified organism (GMO) to be used as vaccine?
What classes of drugs does Retapamulin belong to?
What cellular process is JAK/STAT involved in?
Which T-UCR has been implicated in prostate cancer?
Which company sells the drug Afrezza since 2015?
What is the gene PTENP?
What is OAC CHV?
What does MVA85A stand for?
Which protein is mutated in Erythropoietic Protoporphyria?
Which part of the TNFR2 gene is genetically associated with Systemic Lupus Erythematosus?
Which database exists that contains regulatory SNPs which affect predicted transcription factor binding site affinity?
The virus that causes FIP, Feline Infectious Peritonitis belongs to what family?
What is the main difference between nascent and mature chromatin?
What is the effect of Satb1 knock-out in mice?
Which programming language has been used for implementing GWAR?
How large is a lncRNAs?
What is Telangiectasia?
In which chromosome are transgenes inserted in the case of the LiPS-A3S line?
What is the function of the protein encoded by the gene NKCC2?
How is ZP-PTH delivered to patients?
Which disease is ZP-PTH used for?
Which gene is mutated in the classic Bartter's syndrome?
What is the purpose of the Unique Connectivity of Uncharged Compounds (UC2) search tool?
Name a selective NK3R agonist.
What is the target of the drug Olmesartan?
In which cells does TLR7 escape X-chromosome inactivation?
Which tool has been developed for prediction of single-cell DNA methylation states using deep learning?
When was vaxchora first licensed by the FDA?
How many copies of TP53 does the elephant genome contain?
Which company originally developed the drug Afrezza?
Which tool exist for predicting drug synergy with deep learning?
Which cloud-based platform has been developed for comparing GWAS?
How long in bp is the human pseudoautosomal region 2 (PAR2)?
What is another name for acid sphingomyelinase deficiency (ASMD)?
What rare disease is associated with a mutation in the GPC6 gene on chromosome 13?
What gene is mutated in Huntington's Disease patients?
How large is the SARS-CoV  proteome?
Are male or female persons more prone to autoimmunity?
Which is the phenotype of the disease fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva?
What does the boxed warning of pimavanserin say?
What is dystopia canthorum?
What is the LINCS Program?
What is the protein product of the gene GBA2?
What has pimavanserin been approved for by the FDA (2018)?
Which diagnostic test is approved for coronavirus infection screening?
What is the chromosomal location of the LDL receptor gene associated with autosomal dominant Familial Hypercholesterolemia?
What molecules are the multidrug transporter MDR3 targeting?
What bacteria is associated with Gastric cancer and peptic ulcers?
What is the purpose of the 123 dihydrorhodamine assay?
What is the mode of action of filgotinib?
Is Huntington's disease caused by a dominate or recessive gene?
What is the genetic basis for Cornelia de Lange's syndrome?
What particles is Hadron therapy using?
Which phosphatase is inhibited by LB-100?
Which portal has been developed to explore protein-protein interactions in cancer cell lines?
Which gene is frequently involved in autosomal dominant adult-onset demyelinating leukodystrophy (ADLD)?
What is the radiation-induced CD8 lymphocyte apoptosis (RILA) assay used for?
Which is the main epigenetic difference between poised and constitutive enhancers?
How rare are CTCs (circulating tumour cells) in the plasma of patients?
What is detected by the UV-damaged DNA-binding protein (UV-DDB) complex?
What is the cause of the disease Xeroderma Pigmentosum?
How many different miRNAs can be upregulated by LB-100?
Which de novo mutation in FGFR cause achondroplasia?
In which cellular compartment do stress granules localize?
Which disease is Dasatinib used to treat?
Which algorithm has been developed for finding conserved non-coding elements (CNEs)?
What type of antagonist is istradefylline?
Through which molecular pathway does LB-100 reduce hepatic steatosis?
Mutations in which gene form the genetic basis of the DOORS syndrome?
What is the aim of the "Radiogenomics Consortium"?
What kind of molecule is AZD8601?
Which disease category is LB-100 mostly assessed for?
Which disease can be classified using the Koos Classification?
Which receptor does amantadine antagonize?
What is molecular radiotherapy?
Which mRNAs are sequestered in stress granules?
What is another name for AZD0530?
Which is the effect of the HP1a protein on chromatin?
Which application is the backbone of BioPAXViz?
Which company produces ORMD-0801?
In which cell organelle is the SAF-A protein localized?
What is iodine thyroid blocking?
What disease is associated with a Malar rash?
Which epigenetic mark is deposited by PRC2?
Which disease was studied in the CADISS trial?
What is the human RCA locus size in bps?
What cellular process is the protein clathrin involved in?
Which drug is the first oral ghrelin receptor inverse agonist to be profiled in healthy subjects?
What is the protective efficacy of vaxchora against moderate to severe cholera?
What is AZD0530 an inhibitor of?
For how long do Drosophila embryos use maternal genome mRNA?
What is the function of a viral peplomer?
Which was the first cholera vaccine approved in the US?
What is the function of WAPL protein on cohesin?
What is romiplostim targeting?
What is drug target for olaparib?
What animal is thought to be the host for the Coronavirus causing MERS?
What does tsDMARD stand for?
What is the primary indication of tocilizumab?
Which transcription factor controls Drosophila's Hes genes?
What kind of mutations cause GRK1 associated Oguchi disease?
What was the predominant rotavirus genotype in the pre-vaccine era, in Australia?
What does csDMARD stand for?
Roughly how many base pairs are in the human mitochondrial genome or mtDNA?
What does Retapamulin treat?
Which histone mark distinguishes active from inactive enhancers?
What does DMARD stand for?
What is the microgenderome?
Which syndrome is caused by dysfunction of the ciliary ARMC9/TOGARAM1 protein?
Which main viral protein is targeted by the drug remdesivir?
Which loss-of-function ABCC8 mutation is associated with Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension (PAH)?
HER-2 belongs to what family of proteins?
What does bDMARD stand for?
Approximately how many genes are contained in the X chromosome's non-pseudoautosomal region (non-PAR)?
What is the chromosomal abnormality associated with Klinefelter Syndrome
What distinguishes RIDLs from other transpozable elements?
What indication has FTY720 been approved for by the FDA?
Is fingolimod a drug or a pro-drug?
Which conditions is caused by mutations in HFE?
What is marked by DNaseI hypersensitive sites?
Which type of analysis does DeSeq2 perform?
What is FeatureCounts used for?
Which deep learning framework has been developed for cancer molecular subtype classification?
What nerve is affected in Carpel Tunnel syndrome?
Which cancer can be treated with Darolutamide?
Roflumilast Cream is effective for which disease?
Which company developed eptinezumab?
Which network analysis method can you use for prioritization of metabolic disease genes?
What is the mode of administration of AZD8601?
Which class of disorders are caused by AMPA receptor GluA2 subunit defects?
What is a bacteriocin?
What protein complex is altered in "Coffin-Siris syndrome"?
What is a decoy exosome?
Which was  the first oral drug for the treatment of multiple sclerosis by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA)?
What is blepharospasm?
Which tool has been developed for microRNA-target enrichment and network-based analysis?
Which method has been developed for detection of ATAC-seq or ChIP-seq signals with DNA methylation?
Which protein is involved in the organization and regulation of pluripotency-associated three-dimensional enhancer networks?
Where is the agouti-related peptide expressed?
What is the function of ketohexokinase-A?
Which bioconductor tool has been developed for accessing bacterial regulatory networks?
What impacts stability of genomic imprinting in mouse pluripotent stem cells?
What are the end products of the shikimate pathway?
What is the main manifestation of Liebenberg syndrome?
What is the function of osteolectin?
What is ECMO?
Which receptors does bimagrumab block?
Which epigenetic marks are deposited by PRC1?
Which key gene is involved in interstitial 6q25 microdeletion syndrome?
Brensocatib was tested for treatment of which disease?
What is the function of the protein Cuf1?
How many groups of viruses exist  in the Baltimore Classification?
What disease is associate with defects in both the KDM6A (lysine specific demethylase 6A) and KMT2D (lysine methyltransferase 2D)
When did eptinezumab get its first FDA approval?
What pathological condition is MK-1602 used for?
Which yeast genes encode for condensin?
What is another name for the drug AMG334?
Which gene is primarily associated with the Saethre-Chotzen syndrome?
Givosiran is used for treatment of which disease?
What is  Exencephaly?
What is a likely origin of intronless genes?
Which company developed ivosidenib?
What is the effect of carbamazepine on CYP3A4?
What protein is Otof gene encoding?
What is the function of the stard10 protein?
Which gene is implicated in the metabolism of codeine, and its polymorphisms in the mother can pose a risk to breastfeeding children?
What is the cause of the Kleefstra syndrome?
Which class of genomic elements was assessed as part of the FANTOM6 project?
What is a foam cell?
What class of drugs frequently has muscle pain and other muscle toxicities such as mysositis and rhabdomyolysis as a side effect?
Which mutation is targeted by Sotorasib?
Which histone mark is recognized by HP1?
What is the function of the HSJ1 proteins?
What percentage of C. elegans genes reside in operons?
What is the most advanced phase of clinical trial that fingolimod has entered?
What is caused by a gain-of-function mutation in CLCN2?
What is the function of lysozyme?
Which R/Bioconductor package has been developed for gene expression signature searching?
On what chromosome is the gene for "SILVER" coat color found for the domestic cat?
What is the prevalence of poor metabolizers of CYP2C19 among Southern Asians compared to East Asians?
Which R/Bioconductor package has been developed for network-based differential expression analysis?
Which database contains gene expression data for yeast?
Which CYP gene polymorphism is a well-known predictor of efavirenz disposition?
What is the role of the IRE1a-XBP1 pathway?
What methodology does the FoundationOne CDx test use?
Which R/bioconductor package exists for discovery of intergenic transcripts?
Where is corticosterone synthesized?
Which is the main ligand for the glucocorticoid receptor?
What is the function of the Eyeless associated gene in Drosophila?
What percent of Rheumatoid Arthritis (RA) patients are not responding to anti-TNF therapy?
Which component of the Influenza A Virus affects mRNA transcription termination?
Which R package can infer protein-protein interactions via thermal proximity coaggregation (TPCA)?
Which gene is associated with response to abacavir?
Which human tissue synthesize CRP?
Which company produces the Oncomine Dx target test?
Which protein is encoded by the protein APOBEC3C?
Which is the primary enzyme metabolizing esomeprazole?
What disease is treated with BIVV001?
How many genes are screened by the FoundationOne companion diagnostic?
Which R/Bioconductor package has been developed for visualizing differential amino acid group usage in proteomics?
Dasatinib and Blinatumomab are used for treatment of which disease?
What is the function of the protein SERT?
What causes Ocular Thelaziasis?
What is the function of the protein PIEZO1?
What is the most common N6-methyladenosine (m6A) methylation modification site of RUNX1T1?
Which disorder is caused by biallelic mutations in G-Protein coupled receptor kinase 1 (GRK1)?
Which disease is treated with Tebentafusp?
What are TAMs in cancer therapy?
Which java utility has been developed for class hidden markov models?
When was galcanezumab approved by FDA?
Tofersen has been developed for treatment of which disease?
What is the cause of lactose intolerance?
On what chromosome would the MKKS gene for McKusick-Kaufman(AKA Kaufman-McKusick) syndrome be found?
In which motif of the RUNX1T1 protein is the rs34269950 SNP located?
Isotocin is an homolog of what hormone?
Fingolimod is a selective antagonist for which molecule?
Telomestatin is derived from what organism?
Which plant is khellin extracted from?
What is vesiduction?
What is the route of administration of eptinezumab?
What is the origin of  HEp-2 cells?
What is another name for bimagrumab
What is the synonym of MK-1602?
How many families did the 100,000 Genomes Pilot enrol?
What methodology does the Oncomine Dx target test use?
Which CD38 antibody has been shown to be effective for Lupus Erythematosus?
What is a circRNA?
Which one of the CYP450 enzymes is the second most frequently implicated in the metabolism of the drugs currently available on the market?
What is the msDNA?
What percentage of currently available drugs are metabolized by CYP3A4?
When did FDA approve the first B-cell maturation antigen-targeted CAR-T cell therapy?
When is the drug Ivermectin used?
What is the effect of rHDL-apoE3 on vascular permeability?
What is inhibited by TH1579?
What is the Versene Solution used for?
What is the indication for Favipiravir?
Which syndrome is caused by pathogenic COL4A3-COL4A5 variants?
Which disease do pathogenic NR2F1 variants cause?
What is the mammalian version of arginine vasotocin?
Which kinase does PD98059 inhibit?
What is caused by loss-of-function variants in BCAS3?
What is the main use of ETD fragmentation?
What is Congo red agar plates used for?
What treatment was studied in the KEYNOTE-522 trial?
Which disease is associated with DNAJB1-PRKACA fusion gene?
When was dupilumab approved by EMA?
Covid-19 is though to have arisen from what species?
Where are Goblet cells localized?
Which company produces the HercepTest?
In what year did Gregor Mendel die?
Where is the protein "Single-stranded DNA-binding protein" found?
For which indication has inotersen been approved?
Which disease is caused by mutations in the gene CALR?
What is the KDEL retention signal?
When was Vitravene approved in Brazil?
What is the association between maternal and fetal alloantigens and RANTES production?
What is the half-life of epimutations across generations of C. elegans?
What does temsirolimus inhibit?
What happens to the expression levels of piRNAs in the case of intracranial aneurysm rupture?
How many copies of LBX are found in teleosts?
In what part of the body is the masseter muscle located?
What is the function of the protein SLC26A5?
What is the rate of epimutations in C. elegans?
What is the most frequent evolution (next stage) when Aortic intramural hematoma (IMH) is not treated?
Ladybird homeobox (Lbx) transcription factors regulate the development of what body systems/organs?
When is the protein OAS1 activated?
What causes the "worst headache" of a patient's life?
Which disease phenotype has the worst prognosis in Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy?
What is the most sensitive test for the diagnosis of multiple sclerosis?
What is Granzyme B?
Which signaling pathway does LY294002 inhibit?
Which disease is caused by mutations in the gene PRF1?
What protein is encoded by the GRN gene?
What is disrupted by ALS- and FTD-associated missense mutations in TBK1?
What percentage of human genes have no introns?
What is caused by biallelic variants in PCDHGC4?
What induces downstream of gene (DoG) readthrough transcription?
What is the effect of rHDL-apoE3 on endothelial cell migration?
What is the purpose of  Macropinocytosis?
Which type of cancer has been suggested as a strategy for potential small-molecule inhibition of METTL3?
Which substance use is associated with Brodifacoum poisoning?
What is Alphafold?
Which receptor is targeted by Spesolimab?
Which is the major clinical feature observed in FDXR-associated disease?
Where is the the protein perforin localized?
Which disease is associated with X-linked recessive TLR7 deficiency?
Which one was the first chromone in clinical use?
Which resource is used for visualisation of non-covalent contacts?
What is the function of the protein encoded by PUMILIO1?
What is the prevalence of the inactivating AKT variant p.Pro50Thr in the Finnish population?
What class of drugs is commonly associated with Drug-induced interstitial lung disease (DIILD)?
What pathological phenotype could potentially concomitant pomegranate juice and rosuvastatin use cause?
What is the cause of the Diamond Blackfan Anemia?
Which protein family is epiregulin a member of?
What is the Daughterless gene?
What is amphiregulin a ligand of?
What is the function of the protein calreticulin?
What is the effect of epiregulin on leptin secretion?
Which JASPAR release is JASPAR 2022?
What is the SPRTN protein function?
What part of the body is associated with Cauda equina
What does RUNX1T1 stand for?
What does PCAT6 stand for?
What organ is associated with a Gleason pattern or Gleason Score?
Which tool has been developed to identify the glycan shielding of glycosylated proteins?
Which tool has been developed for proteome-wide detection of membrane lipid-binding proteins?
Through which pathway does epiregulin promote leptin secretion?
Which is the literature-based database of phenotypes?
Idecabtagene vicleucel can be used for treatment of which disease?
LINC00339 is a diagnostic, prognostic and treatment efficacy biomarker for what disease?
Which disease is caused by repeat expansion in VWA1?
What is the target of Sutimlimab?
How many injections of CLS-TA did the patients participating in the PEACHTREE trial receive?
is prosopagnosia inherited or  acquired?
What was the duration of the follow-up period of patients in the PEACHTREE clinical trial?
Where does Brain (or B type) Natriuretic Protein, BNP usually originate from?
Where in the body would  Schlemm's canal be found
In prokaryotes, functionally related genes are sometimes positioned adjacent to each other in the genome and can be under the control of the same regulatory machinery. What are these called?
What is the most commonly used pain scale for the measurement of pain in children?
What is DILI-CAT used for?
What process involves metabolite-sensing mRNAs to control gene expression?
What color light does the the inhibitory receptor halorhodopsin (eNpHR) respond to?
What regulatory element promotes RNA polymerase II binding as well as the binding of factors that facilitate the unwinding of DNA prior to translation?
How many patients with Friedreich's ataxia were included in each cohort of the phase I/II double-blind, comparator-controlled trial of RT001.
What is the incidence of Facioscapulohumeral Muscular Dystrophy?
What is the incidence of Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy?
Which cancer is the BCG vaccine used for?
SER-109 is developed for prevention of which disease?
Where is the DMD gene located?
Which form of breast cancer has Keytruda been FDA approved for?
Which gene is most frequently mutated in hereditary angioedema ?
ZF2001 is used for which disease?
Which drug was the first recombinant human C1 inhibitor protein (C1INH) for the treatment of acute attacks of hereditary angioedema (HAE)?
What is targeted by CIS43LS?
To which region of a gene does an RNA polymerase bind to initiate transcription?
What is the process that generates multiple transcripts from the same gene?
What does FBDD stand for?
What are PROTACs?
The X-inactive specific transcript (Xist) gene is responsible for mediating the X-chromosome inactivation in females, where one X-chromosome is silenced and transcriptionally inactivated. What does Xist encode?
Which amino acid in implicated in the Blue diaper syndrome?
What is the cause of Friedreich's Ataxia (FA)?
What are positive cell-cycle regulators that can cause cancer when mutated called?
What is the inheritance pattern of hereditary angioedema?
What disease was the topic of the World Hip Trauma Evaluation (WHiTE) trial?
What was the phase of the clinical trial PEACHTREE?
In what type of clinical trial has RT001 been evaluated against Friedreich's ataxia?
L9LS was developed for which disease?
What does PROTACs stand for?
What disease is treated with Ublituximab?
What is Palmar Erythema?
What is the cause of Oculopharyngeal Muscular Dystrophy (OPMD)?
Which viral disease can be treated with EDP-938?
What are negative cell-cycle regulators that can cause cancer when mutated called?
When was Keytruda approved for the treatment of melanoma?
What is the incidence of Oculopharyngeal Muscular Dystrophy (OPMD)?
Donidalorsen was tested for which disease?
Alternative microexon splicing is associated with metastasis in which cancer?
What is the cause of spinal-bulbar muscular atrophy?
Which disease can be treated using Tezepelumab?
Chromatin is tightly packed into what structure inside the nucleus?
What is the cause of Facioscapulohumeral Muscular Dystrophy type 2 (FSHD2)?
What is the cause of Facioscapulohumeral Muscular Dystrophy type 1 (FSHD1)?
What is the target of Litifilimab?
What is the estimated reduction in time when using online genetic counseling?
What is the difference between dermatillomania and skin picking disorder?
What causes Japanese Spotted Fever?
Olokizumab is tested for which disease?
What is the estimated cost reduction when using telegenetics?
What is the target of BI 1015550?
Beremagene Geperpavec is tested for which disease?
Hairpatches is a single gene mutation associated with what disease?
What is the alternative microexon splicing by RBFOX2 and PTBP1 associated with?
Which gene is implicated in Canavan disease?
What disease can be treated with Glofitamab?
What proportion of alteration in NTRK genes are attributable to colorectal cancer?
What is the main cause of spillover events?
What is the cause of Leigh syndrome?
What disease can be treated with Tebentafusp?
When was Havana Syndrome first recognized?
What does capnography measure?
What disorder is considered off label use for domperidone?
What is the most common surgical treatment for hydrocephalus?
What is the use of lebrikizumab?
Coffee Bean Sign is characteristic to which disease?
What is the prevalence of intellectual developmental disorders in Becker Muscular Dystrophy?
Mutation of which gene was implicated in Disabling pansclerotic morphea?
Which chromosome is most commonly affected by loss of heterozygosity in glioblastoma?
Which genetic alteration is most commonly associated with the classical subtype of glioblastoma?
What is PUL-2 in Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy?
What is the gold standard for a diagnosis of narcolepsy?
What are episignatures?
What is the prevalence of intellectual developmental disorders in Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy?
Which tick genus is the vector for Lyme disease?
In what part of the body would a periprosthetic infection occur?
TAK-994 is developed for which disease?
In what part of the cell would a SNARE Soluble N-ethylmaleimide-sensitive factor attachment protein receptors (SNAREs) be found
What type of drug is administered to the mother for the prevention of lung immaturity when a preterm delivery is anticipated?
What part of the cell is mitophagy associated with?
What channel is targeted by VX-548?
What is the key transcription factor for melanocyte development and differentiation?
What is the cause of Phenylketonuria (PKU)?
Burrow Ink Test can be used to diagnose which disease?
What is the technique of choice to perform a caesarean section?
How many people affected by Parkinson's Disease develop dementia?
What is the cause of autosomal dominant Polycystic Kidney Disease?
What is the cause of Autosomal Recessive Polycystic Kidney Disease?
What causes Mucormycosis?
When was the first case of human monkey pox diagnosed?
Where is the tumor of follicular infundibulum usually found?
Which miRNAs could be used as potential biomarkers for epithelial ovarian cancer?
List the human genes encoding for the dishevelled proteins?
Which are the classes of anti-arrhythmic drugs according to Vaughan-Williams classification?
Which are the different isoforms of the mammalian Notch receptor?
Which are the major characteristics of cellular senescence?
Which are the Yamanaka factors?
Which currently known mitochondrial diseases have been attributed to POLG mutations?
Which proteins participate in the formation of the ryanodine receptor quaternary macromolecular complex?
List the endoscopic diagnoses that have been reported in children with autism
What are the main indications of lacosamide?
List Hemolytic Uremic Syndrome Triad.
Which factors activate zygotic gene expression during the maternal-to-zygotic transition in zebrafish?
which mutations of troponin C gene have been found to cause hypertrophic cardiomyopathy?
Which post-translational histone modifications are characteristic of constitutive heterochromatin?
Which human genes are more commonly related to craniosynostosis?
List side effects of SGLT2 inhibitors?
List the releases of JASPAR database
List symptoms of the IFAP syndrome.
Which antibiotics target peptidoglycan biosynthesis?
List two common features of Tay syndrome.
Which cell types are known to be driving Rheumatoid Arthritis?
Which drugs are utilized to treat amiodarone-induced thyroitoxicosis?
Which are the genes thought to be regulated by EWS/FLI?
Which are the common symptoms of Cushing's syndrome?
List genes that have been found mutated in CMT1A (Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1 A).
Which viruses are best known to cause myocarditis?
Which genes have been associated with Cerebral Cavernous Malformation?
List symptoms of 4H leukodystrophy.
Which are the plant DNA (cytosine-5) methyltransferase families?
Are there drugs for Tick-borne Encephalitis?
Which are the drugs utilized for the burning mouth syndrome?
Which syndromes are associated with mutations in the EZH2 gene?
Which are the roles of chromatin compartments in the eukaryotic nucleus?
The protein NONO forms heterodimers. With which proteins?
List human proteins that are subject to a dimer-to-tetramer transition.
which mutations of phospholamban gene have been found to cause hypertrophic cardiomyopathy?
Abnormalities in which chromosomes were linked to the Moyamoya disease?
Which drugs are included in the FEC-75 regimen?
Between which probes does the recurrent translocation breakpoint on chromosome 22 of neuroepithelioma lie?
Which are the most widely used computational methods for the identification of CRMs (cis-regulatory modules)?
Which diseases is microRNA 132 (miR-132) implicated in?
Which are the human glutamate transporters?
Synostosis of which cranial structures are characteristic to the Mercedes Benz syndrome?
Which signaling pathways have been associated with medulloblastoma formation and growth?
What are the symptoms of abacavir hypersensitivity?
Which are the major types of the motor speech disorder dysarthria?
Which histone modifications are associated with Polycomb group (PcG) proteins?
List phosphorylation consensus motifs for Casein Kinase 1 (CK1)?
List proteins of lipids droplets
What are the indications for treatment with anti-hepcidin?
List functions that are evaluated with the Full Outline of Unresponsiveness score?
For the constructions of which organs has 3D printing been tested?
List three major features of the CCFDN syndrome.
Which are the different proteins/isoforms encoded but the ASPH (aspartate beta-hydroxylase) gene in humans?
List processes which are under the control of the YAP protein.
List omics technologies comprised in system biology.
What is the treatment of acute myocarditis?
List causative genes for autosomal recessive forms of monogenic Parkinson's disease
Which diseases are caused by mutations in Calsequestrin 2 (CASQ2) gene?
List symptoms of congenital toxoplasmosis triad.
Which are the cardiac manifestations of Marfan syndrome?
What are the results of loss of the protein Lon1 in the plant Arabidopsis?
Which are the different members/isoforms of the Ras oncogenes?
Which brain structures have been investigated as potential targets for deep brain stimulation of patients suffering from major depression?
Which deiodinase polymorphisms are implicated in arterial hypertension?
List human diseases involving genomic imprinting.
What memory problems are reported in the " Gulf war syndrome"?
Which neuroendocrine tumors are associated with specific tumor syndromes?
List medication interfering with purine metabolism that are used for treatment of T-cell prolymphocytic leukemia?
List Genes associated with adolescent idiopathic scoliosis
Which genes are more frequently affected by somatic mutations in Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia
List symptoms of Meigs' Syndrome.
Which medical diagnostic tests are used to test kidney function?
Which are the main causes of fetal echogenic bowel?
List the main proteases used for sample digestion in proteomics.
Which proteins act as factors that promote transcription-coupled repair in bacteria?
Which genes are affected in ROMANO-WARD syndrome?
What are the major clinical Villefranche criteria for classic Ehlers-Danlos syndrome?
What is the treatment of neuropathic pain in children?
Which deiodinases are present in skeletal  muscle?
Which genes are involved in patient response to warfarin?
For the treatment of which conditions can atypical neuroleptic drugs be used?
Which are the characteristics of  Andersen syndrome?
Mutations in which gene and which protein are associated with Netherton syndrome?
Which proteins participate in the formation of the Notch transcriptional activation complex?
Which are the inhibitors of histone methyltransferases?
Which genes are regulated by MEF-2 in the heart?
List inflammatory caspase proteins?
List invertebrates where ultraconserved elements have been identified.
List available databases containing information about conserved noncoding elements.
Which RNA polymerase is used for the replication of viroids?
List Parkin binding partners
Which are the genes responsible for Dyskeratosis Congenita?
Name five programs for transcript quantification from RNASeq experiments
List variants of the MC1R gene.
Which phenotypes are associated with heterozygous mutations of the BSCL2 gene?
The CXCR2 receptor is targeted in cancer. Name five antagonists.
In which diseases have electronic patient diaries been applied ?
Which are the Atg8 homologs in human?
Which are the mammalian orthologs of Drosophila Yki?
Which myosin isozymes are located within the pericuticular necklace of the hair cell?
List angiocrine factors
Which CDK targets control cytokinesis?
Which genes are associated with autosomal dominant Charcot-Marie-Tooth?
Which transcription factors (TFs) participate in the formation of the interferon-beta (IFN-b) enhanceosome?
List packages for transcription factor binding sites' (TFBS) analysis available in R/Bioconductor
List adenosine A2A receptor antagonists that are used for Parkinson's disease treatment.
List fish anti-freeze proteins.
Name the major classes of small  non coding RNAs in mammalians?
Which proteins act as histone-like molecules in prokaryotes?
Which multiple kinase inhibitors are used in cancer therapy?
List types of avoided words in bacterial genomes
Which gene(s) should be genotyped in order to prescribe the drug Cetuximab (anti-EGFR)?
Which proteins are involved in actin bundling and filopodia formation and function?
List clinical trials for prevention of sarcopenia
What kind of bonds are connecting keratin molecules?
Which are the known inhibitors of the TPL2/MAP3K8 protein?
What are the side effects of Nalmefene?
Which are the major phycobiliproteins present in cyanobacteria?
What is the inheritance pattern of Emery-Dreifuss muscular dystrophy? 
Which genes are regulated by TRalpha2  in the heart?
List available methods for transmembrane protein topology prediction.
List available genetic multicolor cell labeling techiniques in Drosophila
Which histone modification discriminates between active and poised enhancers?
Which are the cardiac effects of thyronamines?
Matuzumab has been tested for treatment of which cancers?
Which are the synonyms of prostate-specific antigen?
List available biomedical question answering systems.
Which dediodinases are present in kidney?
List common symptoms of patients with the DOORS syndrome.
Which genes does thyroid hormone receptor beta1 regulate in the liver?
Which disease phenotypes are associated to PRPS1 mutations?
Which kinases does baricitinib inhibit?
Magnetic beads has been used in numerous applications. List some coatings used.
Tumors of which three organs are classically associated with the multiple endocrine neoplasia type 1 syndrome?
Which are the different homologs or family members of the hedgehog proteins in mammals?
Which scales are recommended by the American Heart Association for depression screening in cardiovascular patients? 
Which trinucleotide repeat disorders are affecting the nervous system?
Which are the cellular targets of imatinib mesylate?
Which are the clinical characteristics of Tuberous Sclerosis?
Which are the most common symptoms in Lambert-Eaton Myasthenic Syndrome?
Which types of bacterial microflora are associated with the progression of peri-implantitis?
Which packages are used for performing overlap analysis of genomic regions in R/bioconductor?
Global quantitative phosphoproteomic analyses are emerging. List the preferred technologies for the enrichment for phosphorylated peptides?
Which histone modifications are correlated with transcription elongation?
List diseases where protein citrullination plays an important role.
List clinical trials that have directly compared microsurgical clipping with endovascular coiling for treatment of ruptured brain aneurysms?
In which isochores are Alu elements enriched?
Which are the Chompret criteria for Li-Fraumeni syndrome?
Which are the thyroid hormone analogs utilized in human studies?
List Kartagener Syndrome Triad.
Which are the main functions of the APOBEC3 family of proteins?
Which histone modifications are associated with constitutive heterochromatin?
Which two catechol-O-methyl transferase (COMT) inhibitors can be used for treatment of Parkinson disease?
List disorders that are caused by mutations in the mitochondrial MTND6 gene.
Which deiodinases are best known to be present in brain?
In which nuclear compartments is heterochromatin located?
Which enzymes are involved in global genome nucleotide excision repair (GG-NER) in bacteria?
In which genomic regions are Alu enriched?
List interaction partners for the protein GATA1.
List the diseases for which there are point-of-care breath tests
What are the indications for alteplase?
List scaffold proteins of the ERK signaling pathway.
Which classes of endogenous retroelements are known to date?
List GATA-1 interacting partners as discovered with the help of the biotinylation tagging approach.
Which diseases are associated with Alu element insertion?
What are the symptoms of Rotor syndrome?
List representatives of the major fungal hypoxanthine-adenine-guanine transporter families.
Which proteins have been identified as RET ligands?
Which substances are dangerous to g6PD deficient individuals?
Which mutations of SCN5A gene are implicated in Brugada syndrome?
List all articles on network meta-analysis for smoking cessation
Which are the most frequent syndromes associated with inherited bone marrow failure?
Which ones are the ESKAPE organisms?
In which genomic positions is the histone variant macroH2A enriched?
Name five popular  computer  programs used to identify genes in genomic sequences
Which computational frameworks are available for predicting enhancers?
What is SCENAR therapy used for?
List symptoms of Gradenigo's syndrome.
Which genes does thyroid hormone receptor alpha1 regulate in the liver?
By which methods can we evaluate the reliability of a phylogenetic tree?
Which receptors are targeted by suvorexant?
A common problem in proteomics is the contamination of samples with exogenous proteins (often from other species). These proteins can be found in specific databases. List some contaminants.
List features of the DEND syndrome.
Which genes have been found mutated in Gray platelet syndrome patients?
Which genes are known to be involved in Diamond-Blackfan anemia?
What are the main clinical characteristics of Pendred syndrome?
Which drugs are utilized to treat eosinophilic esophagitis?
Which protein kinases have been found to phosphorylate Phospholamban and affect its biological activity?
List autoimmune disorders associated with GAD65 autoantibodies.
List Pentalogy of Fallot.
Where can we find the protein lacritin?
What is the triple screening test performed during pregnancy measuring?
What are the generic versions of Viagra?
Against which organisms has reverse vaccinology been used?
List fluorescent reporter proteins.
Which components of the stress granules are known to be related to motor neuron degeneration in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis?
Which could be some of the possible causes of hypersomnia?
List BRAF inhibitors that have been tested in clinical trials for treatment of melanoma patients
which are the risk factors for sudden cardiac death in patients with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy?
List common features of Shapiro syndrome
Which post-translational histone modifications are characteristic of facultative heterochromatin?
List bacteria that may be useful in uranium bioremediation.
What type of cancers and inherited diseases have been associated to mutations in the Notch pathway?
What is the treatment of triiodothyronine toxicosis?
Which are the known human transmembrane nucleoporins?
Which are the bioinformatics tools for gene structure prediction? 
Name the factors required for selenoprotein synthesis in eukaryotes
Which genes/proteins have been found to inhibit cyclin dependent kinase 4 (CDK4)?
Which disorders are associated to mutated Hepcidin (HAMP)?
Which are the most under-represented oligonucleotides in higher eukaryote genomes?
List co-morbidities that may occur together with "Stiff man Syndrome"
What personality traits can be evaluated with the Ten Item Personality Inventory.
List all approved indications for Glivec
What are the current treatments for generalised anxiety disorder in teenagers?
Which drugs acting via bradykinin system are effective for treatment of ACE-inhibitor-induced angioedema?
Which forms of cancer is the Tpl2 gene associated with?
What hand deformities do patients with Apert syndrome present with?
Which genes are thought to be involved in medulloblastoma development?
Which sports have a risk for commotio cordis?
What are the breath test biomarkers of pulmonary tuberculosis
What types of DNA mutations are induced by 2-hydroxy-dATP (2-OH-dATP)?
List features of the Perry syndrome.
For which diseases members of the 2-aminobenzamide class of histone deacetylase (HDAC) inhibitors show promise as therapeutics?
Which anticancer drugs target human topoisomerase II?
Which proteins compose the error prevention GO (8-oxo-G) system in Pseudomonas putida?
List five applications of machine learning algorithms in medical diagnosis.
List functional roles of the FtsZ protein.
List available tools for genomic visualisation in comparative genomics
Which species may be used for the biotechnological production of itaconic acid?
Which are the subtypes of Pfeiffer syndrome?
Which proteins constitute the methyl-directed mismatch repair system (MMR) in bacteria?
Which are the main components of mTORC1?
Which receptor(s) recognize lysosomal hydrolases in trans-Golgi network (TGN)?
Which genes code for the alpha subunit of the DNA polymerase III in most Firmicutes?
List the neurotransmitters that are metabolized by MAOA.
Which hormone abnormalities are common in Williams syndrome
Which assays can be used for detecting DNA fragmentation resulting from programmed cell death (apoptosis)?
Which genetic defects are observed in Prader-Willi syndrome?
Which are the state-of-the-art computational tools for the prediction of gene fusion events?
List the results of mutated casein kinase 1 epsilon. 
Which are the main histone modifications associated with enhancers?
With which complexes is the protein SUS1 associated?
Which are the main NMD factors in Saccharomyces cerevisiae?
Which histone marks are deposited by Set7?
List non-surgical treatment modalities that are included in the Stupp protocol.
Which factors are considered in the ABCD2 score?
Which are the musculoskeletal manifestations of Marfan syndrome?
What are the reported adverse effects of gabapentin used in children?
Which are the 3 basic transcription factors that have been used for the direct reprogramming of fibroblasts into cardiomyocytes or cardiomyocyte like-cells?
Which are the major intramolecular phosphorylation sites of human Chk2 involved in cell cycle control?
Which are the methods for in silico prediction of the origin of replication (ori) among bacteria?
Which extra thyroid tissues have thyrotropin (TSH) receptors?
Which histone modifications distinguish between promoters and enhancers?
What are the major classes of retrotransposons active in the human genome?
Which are the clinical characteristics of Diamond-Blackfan anemia?
Which factors play a role in promoter proximal pausing of RNA polymerase II?
Which are the main clinical features of Fanconi anemia?
Which drugs may interfere thyroxine absorption?
In which types of DNA repair is the UvrAB complex involved?
Which mutations in the cardiac isoform of the ryanodine receptor (RyR2) have been found to be related to CPVT?
List bacterial species identified in the iceman tissues.
List some ways to reverse Tau hyperphosphorylation in Tauopathies?
List components of the CRSP/Med complex.
Which mitochondrial genes are regulated by thyroid hormone?
Which are the best treatment options to treat Helicobacter pylori?
What imaging modalities have been listed as method of choice  to diagnose CSF leak?
Which are currently available software tools for detecting rare codon clusters in coding sequences?
Name triad of Wernicke encephalopathy.
How many and which are the different isoforms for the ryanodine receptor?
Which protein phosphatases have been found to dephosphorylate phospholamban?
What is the most prominent sequence consensus for the polyadenylation site?
Which drugs affect insulin resistance in obesity?
List two most common symptoms of Aagenaes syndrome.
Which are the side effects during tacrine administration in patients with Alzheimer's Disease?
Which mutated genes are associated with the Tourette's syndrome?
Data from which major epigenome projects are contained in the DeepBlue epigenomic data server?
Which genes of the marmoset genome exhibit rapid sequence evolution?
List all the available databases of super enhancers
Which human syndromes have been detected with Fluorescence in situ hybridization (FISH)?
What are the different classes of orally administered drugs used to treat diabetes
Which pipelines are used for analyzing data from ChIP-nexus experiments?
Which fimA genotypes are associated with disease?
Please list 3 diseases associated with the PIEZO2 gene.
List RNA modifications databases
Please list the 3 findings in HELLP syndrome.
List the three most abundant bacterial phyla present in mouse feces.
Which factors are considered in the FUNC score for intracerebral hemorrhage?
What genes are drug targets for Fibrodysplasia Ossificans Progressiva (FOP)?
Which syndromes are associated with heterochromia iridum?
List peptide fragmentations methods in mass spectrometry
List available circular RNA prediction tools.
List scales that are used for scoring of patients with spinal metastasis?
What are the side effects during statins administration in patients with atherosclerosis?
What are clinical features of the de Morsier syndrome?
Which proteins form part of the NRD complex in S. cerevisiae?
List metalloenzyme inhibitors.
Which proteins remove H2A.Z in the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae?
Which diseases are associated with Primary intestinal lymphangiectasia (PIL)?
Which are the key players on radial glial specification to ependymal cells?
List diseases associated with the  Dopamine Receptor D4 (DRD4).
Which bacteria cause diphtheria?
List 3 indications for Bupropion
Which are the additions of the JASPAR 2016 open-access database of transcription factor binding profiles?
List genes associated with hypolipidemia.
Which are the symptoms of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency?
Which are the clinical symptoms of left ventricular noncompaction?
Which mutated genes are associated with isolated ectopia lentis?
List the three main structures of the cytoskeleton.
Which proteins does the yeast Cleavage and Polyadenylation Complex contain?
What are the roles of Smyd3 in zebrafish?
Which are the triad symptoms of pheochromocytoma?
List the types of the Cardiorenal syndrome (CRS) according to the five-part classification system.
Which are the components of the pre-replication complex (pre-RC) in eukaryotes?
What is the inheritance of hypophosphatemic rickets?
Which NGS alignment software implement the Burrows-Wheeler Transform?
List the human acrocentric chromosomes that are involved in Robertsonian translocation.
List viral vectors used in gene therapy.
List the classical symptoms of the Moschcowitz syndrome (Thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura).
List features of the Kaufman Oculocerebrofacial Syndrome.
The MMR vaccine protects against what 3 viruses?
List cardinal features of the Triple A syndrome.
List 3 features of IRVAN syndrome.
List clinical features of the IMAGe syndrome.
List clinical features of EEM syndrome.
Which are the most common methods for circular RNA detection from RNASeq?
In which fields of DNA sequencing are Bloom filters applied?
List the two most important hematological features of the Evans syndrome
Which are the main manifestations of Ohdo syndrome?
Which are the best methods for the prediction of circular RNA (circRNA)?
Which tendons are affected in the Dequervain's tenosynovitis?
Which proteins are controlling sterol metabolism in S. cerevisiae?
List main clinical features of the POEMS syndrome.
What are the 4 cardinal signs of inflammation according to Celsus?
List the 6 genes associated with the autosomal recessive form of Osteogenesis imperfecta
List polyubiquitin binding proteins involved in NF-kappaB signaling.
What are the prednisone side effects in DMD patients?
What induces Arabidopsis ROF1 expression?
What are the side effects of deflazacort in DMD patients?
Name the phase 3 clinical trials for tofacitinib in colitis.
Which phase III clinical trials for rheumatoid arthritis involve baricitinib? (November 2017)
List factors that promote lymphangiogenesis.
Which are the main transcriptional activators of circadian oscillations?
List proteins that are targeted by "immune checkpoints inhibitors".
Which genes belong to the AUX/IAA family of transcription repressors in plants?
List the ten types of conjoined twins.
Which are the constitutive parts of a Genomic Regulatory Block (GRB)?
According to guidelines, insulin resistance is one risk factor in the diagnosis of metabolic syndrome, name 3 more risk factors.
List the two most important synaptic markers.
List four principles of medical ethics.
In quadruped mammals, what bones make up the stifle?
List 2 approved drug treatments for Inflammatory Bowel Disease (IBD).
Name curated data resources for ChIP-seq data
Which comparisons demonstrate the applicability of StereoGene in regulatory genomics?
List symptoms of the Zieve's syndrome.
Which cancers compose Carney's triad?
List 3 symptoms of Wernicke encephalopathy.
List BET proteins.
What illness is transmitted by the Lone Star Tick, Amblyomma americanum?
List drugs that are included in the Vosevi polypill.
Which algorithms are used for compression of SAM files?
List 4 drugs used to treat opioid addiction or overdose
List major risk factors for Alzheimer's disease. 
What do the trispecific HIV antibodies target?
Which cellular functions are affected by lncRNA H19 in the heart?
Name 4 circular RNA molecules associated with carcinogenesis.
Please list 3 diseases treated with Valtrex(valacyclovir)
With which personality traits has the human monoamine oxidase A (MAOA) gene been associated?
What are 7 symptoms of yellow fever?
What in vivo tau tracers are being used?
List diseases caused by protein glutamine expanded repeats
What are the 3 antidotes for anticoagulant (anti-blood clotting) drugs, including factor Xa inhibitors, as of November 2017.
What are the 3 types of ultraviolet (UV) solar radiation?
Please list 10 conditions which play a role in causing atrial fibrillation.
List four features of the WHIM syndrome.
List the main PPI databases.
List intramembrane rhomboid peptidases
Which organs are mostly affected in Systemic Lupus Erythematosus (SLE)?
Which metabolic pathways have been associated with Systemic Lupus Erythematosus?
What are the 3 main bacteria found in human milk?
In which tissues is the lincRNA Xist expressed?
Which proteins form the nuclear pore basket in human cells?
What are the effects of STEF depletion?
Which databases can exchange data using Matchmaker Exchange's API?
What membrane proteins constitute TAM family of receptor tyrosine kinases (RTKs)?
What micro-RNAs are useful in the diagnosis and prognosis of Heart Failure?
Name 3 diseases for which lucatumumab is being tested?
Name 4 side effects of enasidenib
For which indications has midostaurin received FDA and EMA approval?
List available R packages for processing NanoString data
List phagosomal markers.
List bacterial families for which delafloxacin has been shown to be effective.
What type of data does the UK biobank resource contain?
List potential reasons regarding why potentially important genes are ignored
List two indications of Letermovir?
What are the roles of LEM-3?
List uniparental disomy (UPD) detection algorithms
List major features of TEMPI Syndrome.
List the releases of tmVar
What 2 biological processes are regulated by STAMP2 in adipocytes?
Which methods have been developed for extracting sequence variants from the literature?
Which molecules are targeted by defactinib?
List clinical disorders or diseases where uc.189 is involved?
What is the triad of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome?
Name the algorithms for counting multi-mapping reads
Which integrin genes are activated by the immune system in inflammatory bowel disease?
List search engines used in proteomics.
List the four advances integrated into the SHERLOCKv2 platform.
List clinical symptoms of the MECOM-associated syndrome
List features of the Triple A syndrome.
List sirtuin inhibitors.
Which features are evaluated with the CRAFFT screening test?
List lymphocytes that are analyzed by a flow cytometer.
List some substances important for proper nervous system function that gut microbes produce.
List 3 enterotoxins produced by Clostridium difficile.
List features of the DOOR syndrome.
Which web-based pedigree editors are available?
Which curated databases exist for spider-venom toxins?
List the functions of the protein lactotransferrin.
Name siRNA drugs that have entered phase 2-3 clinical trials (by 2019).
Mention computational tools that have been developed for alternative polyadenylation (APA) sites analysis
Which curated data resources for ChIP-seq data are available?
Which malignancies is Keytruda approved for before 2017?
Which tools have been developed for computing split-networks?
List 3 apoE mimetics.
Which cells secrete lactotransferrin?
List targets of classical analgesics.
Name the uses of Sideritis scardica in traditional medicine.
What are 2 organisms that can cause Human toxocariasis?
List places in the body where somatostatin is produced.
What are the 3 types of immunoglobulin heavy chain containing antibodies found in human breast milk?
What are 5 key questions in human performance modeling?
List the ERM proteins.
Name three binding partners of cofilin 2.
List proteins with RING domain.
List 3 indications for rituximab.
What is the Triad of Alport Syndrome?
List features of the Currarino triad.
List symptoms of the One-and-a-half syndrome.
List the cancers that are associated with SBLA syndrome.
Which factors are included in the the APPEND score?
Which X chromosome abnormalities present lupus-like symptoms?
Which lncRNAS are regulated by SAM68?
List the components of the COMPASS complex
List psychiatric diseases that are associated with Synaptosome Associated Protein 25 (snap25).
Which kinases are inhibited by Pyrotinib?
List targeted genome editing methodologies
List cohesinopathies
As of 2019, what type of cancer is commonly associated with ionizing radiation
PH motifs in which genes endow breast cancer growth?
List the stages/types of Multiple Sclerosis.
List Mcl-1 inhibitors.
Name two rotavirus vaccines.
What is the drug chloroquine or hydroxychloroquine used for?
Which tissues express the ACE2 protein?
What are 3 symptoms of Waardenburg Syndrome?
List types of cancer where Long intergenic nonprotein coding RNA p53-induced transcript (LINC-PINT) is involved
Please list 2 human diseases caused by a coronavirus.
List symptoms of the Hakim Triad?
List Cdk targets that are dephosphorylated during cytokinesis
List the members of a network of noncoding regulatory RNAs that play a role in the mammalian brain
List approved radioprotective compounds
List the most common cancers after a radiation exposure?
Which are the main G1/S transcription factors in yeast?
List features of the SAM syndrome.
List side effects of radiation therapy?
What are the most common side effects of amantadine ER?
Which symptoms comprise Abdominal aortic aneurysm rupture Triad?
List symptoms of Allgrove syndrome.
Which algorithms have been developed for analysing CRISPR/Cas9 knockout screens data?
Which methods are used for genome segmentation of gene expression data?
List T-UCRs that have been implicated in breast cancer
Which T-UCRs have been implicated in gastric cancer?
List types of DNA lesions caused by UV light.
Which software are used for the detection of selective sweeps?
Which organs are primarily damaged in SLE?
What are the advantages of liquid biopsy in NSCLC?
Which disorders are caused by de novo mutations in ZSWIM6?
Which drugs are included in PolyIran?
Which characteristics are used in the SLEDAI index for SLE patients?
List diseases that are caused by the Meningococcus B?
List types of cancer where TBC1 domain family member 16 (TBC1D16) is involved
List SLC25A46-related pathologies
Which are the databases for intrinsic protein disorders?
List the 5 different human immunoglobulin heavy chains.
List 3 NK3R antagonists.
List the clinical characteristics of the Smith-Kingsmore syndrome (SKS)
Which type of variants can be called by the VarDict algorithm?
Please list 3 drugs that have EGFR as their primary target.
List 3 human diseases caused by  viruses in the family Paramyxoviridae.
List the proteins defining the triple negative breast cancer.
Which are the predominant rotavirus genotypes around the world?
Which TREX mRNA export complex subunits have been implicated in neurodevelopmental disorders?
Which conditions are manifested by TRIM8 mutations?
List the deadliest viruses in the world.
What monoclonal antibody drugs are used to treat late stage melanoma?
What does CMB305 contain?
Missense mutations in which genes cause X-linked developmental and epileptic encephalopathy?
List human antibody isotypes.
What is caused by SCUBE2 loss-of-function?
List enzymes that removes histone modifications.
List the essential aminoacids.
List the blood group antigens, associated with blood type
List the core SNARE complex proteins.
List as many European influenza vaccines as possible.
List the major families of Histones.
Which computational methods are used for the definition of synteny?
List 3 conventional synthetic DMARDs.
What are the features of the AESOP syndrome?
Which drugs are included in the VIFUP regimen for breast cancer?
Which drugs are included in the EE-4A regimen for Wilm's tumor?
Which drugs are included in the IROX regimen for colorectal cancer?
Which tools have been developed for identifying and visualising ncRNA promoters?
Please list the syndromes that are part of Castleman's disease AKA TAFRO
List the core lung matrisome proteins.
What 3 disorders are commonly associated with Kaufman-McKusick syndrome?
List the main proteins found in human saliva.
List example genes that SWIM tool has identified and which are down-regulated in glioblastoma
Which R packages have been developed for studying TADs?
What genes is implicated in myotonic goats and other  nondystrophic myotonias?
Which IDH inhibitors by Agios Pharmaceuticals have been approved by the FDA?
What symptoms are included in the narcolepsy pentad?
Which diseases are associated with the Yaa gene?
What tissues have been studied by circadian proteomics?
Which drugs were investigated in the ALPHEUS trial?
List 3 therapeutic uses for botulism toxin.
What are the 4 types of holoprosencephaly?
List 4 targeted synthetic DMARDs that are JAK inhibitors.
Which drugs were tested in the candor trial?
Which are the parts of a flaggelum?
List updates for JASPAR 2020
What eye disease(s) are associated with ocular toxoplasmosis?
Which eukaryote genomes contain operons?
Which two antibodies directed towards the CGRP ligand, were approved by the FDA in September 2018.
List proteins that promotes calcification.
What are the two types of duplicated genes in the yeast S. cerevisiae?
List critical regions for 7p22.1 microduplication syndrome
Which treatments were compared in the UNBLOCS trial?
Which are the ligands of the Roundabout (Robo) receptors?
Which proteins does RG-7992 target?
Which drugs are included in the VAC regiment for Ewing's sarcoma?
List the major royal jelly proteins in Apis mellifera.
List proteins that are contained in atherosclerotic plaques?
Which methods exist for efficient calculation of Elementary flux modes (EFMs) in genome-scale metabolic networks (GSMNs)?
Who received the Nobel prize for development of CRISPR?
List versions of ExpansionHunter
Which biological drugs are EMA approved for pediatric psoriasis?
Which are the lactate isomers?
Which recombinant antibody therapeutics were granted marketing approval in 2014?
What is caused by BACH2-related immunodeficiency?
Which two genes are predominantly considered by warfarin initial dosing algorithms?
Which methods infer 3D genome structure without proximity ligation?
What conditions are diagnosed using the scratch collapse test?
List R packages for lipidomics
Which disease can be treated with Relugolix.
What 3 organs are the sphincter of Oddi associated with?
List clinical phenotypes and molecular genetic features of patients with KMT2B-related disorders
What are the key characteristics of the syndrome caused by ANKRD17 loss-of-function variants?
List known pseudokinases.
What is the use of pegcetacoplan?
Which factors are inhibited by Abelacimab?
What kind of approaches you need to combine in order to manage Familial spontaneous pneumothorax?
List the main salt-inducible kinases.
What methods are used to diagnose bowel endometriosis?
What are the phases of hair follicle cycle?
What types of anti-tumor therapeutic antibodies are available?
List second messengers.
Which R/bioconductor have been developed for copy number analysis?
Which neuropsychiatric disorders are associated with 16p13.11 genomic copy number variants?
List the main protein families found in human tears?
List 4 monoclonal antibodies in development for the prevention of migraine.
What are the diagnostic criteria for hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis?
Which proteins are markers of myositis?
Febrifugine could be repositioned for what diseases?
Which organizations approved Tagsedi in 2018?
What are the 4 histological types of lung cancer?
Which endothelial cell migration pathways were modulated at the gene expression level by rHDL-apoE3?
Please list the difference between Pyoderma gangrenosum versus chronic venous ulceration?
List SLE-related autoantibodies.
Are there any tools that could predict protein structure considering amino acid sequence?
Which are the types of cancer that c-Myc is associated with?
Which pathways are involved in cellular senescence?
Which models are used for predicting disease progression in Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy?
Computational tools for predicting allosteric pathways in proteins
Which databases are devoted to 3D genome interactions?
Where does REGN5458 bind to?
What are the currently FDA approved monoclonal antibodies for myeloma?
Which CYP genes' expression is decreased at the in vivo level following pomegranate juice consumption?
Class-defining mutations in which genes drive FLT3-ITD-mutant AML?
What is caused by biallelic variants in SPATA5L1?
List diseases that are  repeat expansion disorders (REDs).
What are the symptoms of an incidental durotomy (ID).
What are the functions of DNA and RNA G-quadruplexes?
Name scRNA-seq workflows which harness graph attention networks
Which genetic susceptibility loci are implicated in irritable bowel syndrome (IBS)?
Atlanto-axial rotary instability (Fielding type 1) is common to what diseases?
Which drugs were included in the polypill that was tested in TIPS-3 trial?
In which aspects of the immune response is m6A methylation implicated?
What are the main clinical components of the brain death exam?
Which organisms are the focus of the Wormbase?
What are the most commonly used diagnostic tests for the diagnosis of Duchenne muscular dystrophy?
Which are some symptoms of FSHD?
Which are the types of myotonic dystrophy?
Which diagnostic tests are used for the diagnosis of FSHD?
What are the most common neuropsychiatric disorders associated with Duchenne muscular dystrophy?
What cells are used to regenerate cartilage?
What are the most common assays to profile chromatin accessibility?
What doses of RT001 were used in the phase I/II double-blind, comparator-controlled trial of Friedreich's ataxia patients?
Which drugs were studied in the TRICOTEL study?
Please list the natriuretic peptides.
What are the major thrombotic complications in patients with COVID-19?
When modifying histones with either activating or repressing marks, such as with acetyl and methyl groups, histone acetyltransferases and histone methyltransferases normally modify which amino acids?
Hepcidin is a key regulator of what processes?
What is the triad of the Cat eye syndrome?
What histone marks are indicative of enhancers in the chromatin landscape of a given cell?
What processes do orexin/hypocretin neurons regulate?
What are the outcomes of ubiquitination?
What were the primary endpoints of the phase I/II double-blind, comparator-controlled trial of RT001 in Friedreich's ataxia patients?
What causes Serpentine Supravenous Hyperpigmentation?
What are the hallmarks of cancer?
Which genes are related to Emery-Dreifuss Muscular Dystrophy (EDMD)?
List the luciferase substrates
Which are the known inflammatory myopathies?
What are features of the The Trauma Triad of Death?
What are some examples of epigenetic modifications?
Which drugs were tested in the FAKTION trial?
What are the necessary steps for the transition from a precursor mRNA to a mature mRNA?
Which are the motor neuron diseases?
List features of the Zinner syndrome.
Which are the types of Facioscapulohumeral Muscular Dystrophy?
Which transcription factors are essential for the melanocyte lineage?
Which are the types of Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease (CMT)?
Which splicing factors have been associated with alternative splicing in PLN R14del hearts?
What are the most common mutation types in Duchenne muscular Dystrophy?
Which gene therapies are under investigation for Duchenne muscular dystrophy?
Which drugs are included in the AZD7442?
What were the first 2 PD-1 inhibitors approved by the FDA in 2014?
What are the clinical symptoms of an ornithine transcarbamylase deficiency?
What is the triad of the Eagle-Barrett Syndrome?
How can Emery-Dreifuss Muscular Dystrophy (EDMD) be inherited?
What are the most commonly used pain scales for the measurement of pain in ICU?
What medication were tested in the PEMMELA trial?
What medications were tested in the COSMIC-313 trial?
List the most effective treatment methods for Madelung disease.
What are common side effects of the progesterone-only pill (POP)?
What are the most common symptoms of fibroids?
What are the transmission mechanisms of the human Ebola infection?
Which symptoms could indicate depression in young children?
What should you do if you find an individual that you suspect has overdosed?
Which neurotransmitters are thought to play a role in obsessive compulsive disorder?
What cancers are associated with human papilloma virus?
Which vaccines are safe to be administered for all pregnancies?
Consequences for the newborn of infection by Zika virus during pregnancy.
What are the genotypes of Japanese Encephalitis Virus (JEV)?
What tumor suppressor genes are commonly affected by glioblastoma mutations or deletions?
What are the causes for heart and lung transplantation in children?
What is the immediate treatment after a sexual assault?
List of major risks of intrauterine device.
What are the most common issues that need to be addressed in adults with Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy?
What are the types of Polycystic Kidney Disease?
List the methods for pectus excavatum repair?
What are common complications of prematurity for babies?
What receptors are targeted by Retatrutide?
What are atypical symptoms of gluten allergy?
Which drugs were tested in the CodeBreaK 300 clinical trial?
Please list the psychoactive drugs used to treat mental health disorders.
List of attenuated viral vaccines still in use.
New treatments in multiple sclerosis.
What symptoms can be expected in women suffering from endometriosis?
List the causes of Restrictive cardiomyopathy (RCM)
What are major complications of mastoiditis?
Which DNA language models currently exist to model the human genome?
Which cell states can exist in melanomas?
What chromatin signatures are characteristic of active enhancers?
What are the types of Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome?
Which are the clinical indications for the use of Raltitrexed in patients with colorectal cancer?
Please list the findings in lateral medullary (Wallenberg) syndrome
What diseases are included in the differential diagnosis of Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome?
What are the current approaches for gene therapy for Phenylketonuria (PKU)?
Is Hirschsprung disease a mendelian or a multifactorial disorder?
What is the aim of the Human Chromosome-centric Proteome Project (C-HPP)?
What is the effect of TRH on myocardial contractility?
What are the outcomes of Renal sympathetic denervation?
What is the association of estrogen replacement therapy and intracranial meningioma risk?
What is known about the effect of acupuncture in smoking cessation ?
What is clathrin?
What is the mode of action of everolimus?
Which pathological condition of the heart is known as hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM)?
What is the function of the viral KP4 protein?
What is the principle of the PAR-CLIP methodology?
How is spastic diplegia diagnosed?
Is there a genetic component for happiness?
What kind of affinity purification would you use in order to isolate soluble lysosomal proteins?
What is the effect of Chk2 splice variants on wild-type Chk2 kinase activity?
What is Genomicus?
What is the COUGER tool?
What is known about clinical efficacy of ceftriaxone for treatment of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis?
What is the relationship between TailorX and Oncotype?
Which is the main function of "RNA sponges"?
How do histone methyltransferases cause histone modification?
What is a Caveolae?
How could we infer functional associations from gene fusion events?
What is the Genomic Regions Enrichment of Annotations Tool (GREAT)?
What is the role of RhoA in bladder cancer?
What is ATAC-seq?
What is the treatment of acute pericarditis?
What is enCHIP?
What is TOPAZ1?
What clinical use aptamers may have?
What are cancer driver genes?
What is a mitochondrial nucleoid?
What is the treatment of amiodarone-induced thyrotoxicosis?
What is the effect of ivabradine in heart failure with preserved ejection fraction?
What is the mode of action of bedaquiline?
Does helicobacter pylori infection increase risk for ischemic stroke?
What is the treatment of subacute thyroiditis?
What are the effects of BMAL1 deficiency?
Where is the protein CLIC1 localized?
What is the Barr body?
What is the biological role of expansins in fungi?
What is the mode of action of Hsp90 inhibitors?
What is HbVar?
Can DMSO as an additive improve proteomic analysis results?
Why do we use "N-terminal proteomics"?
Describe the mechanism of action of drisapersen
What is the role of per genes in circadian rhythm control?
What is the definition of autophagy?
Between which types of DNA bases are mutational biases introduced due to directional mutation pressure?
What is the role of AMPK in diabetic cardiomyopathy?
What is the oldest human sample analysed by paleontology proteomics?
What is membrane scission?
What is the mechanism of DNA replication termination in vertebrates?
What is the association between moon cycle and rupture risk  of intracranial aneurysms?
How homoplasy affects phylogenetic reconstruction?
What is known about the association between the use of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors during pregnancy and risk for autism in offspring?
Why are insulators necessary in gene therapy vectors?
What is the methodological principle of ChIA-PET?
What is known about the value of mindfulness interventions in prostate cancer patients?
What is known about prostate cancer screening in the UK ?
The secreted frizzled-related protein 3 (sFPR3) is altered in human cancers. Are its level found to increase or to decrease?
Albumin depletion is a common first step for proteomic analysis of CSF fluid. What is the advantage and disadvantage of this procedure?
Is it possible to detect survivin protein expression in normal human adult tissues?
What is known about thalidomide therapy and survival of glioblastoma patients?
What is the common feature in congenital central hypoventilation and Mowat-Wilson syndromes?
Which is the definition of pyknons in DNA?
What is the role of deadenylases in the cell?
What is the influence of patent expiry on  ACE inhibitor prescribing.
How effective is the dentritic cells treatment on cancer?
What is known about the reimbursement of Viagra
How does trimetazidine affect intracellular kinase signaling in the heart?
What was the aim of the COSS (Carotid Occlusion Surgery Study) clinical trial?
What is the association between Generalized anxiety disorder and mortality risk?
Which treatment leads to an increase in neutrophil counts in severe congenital neutropenia?
What is the role of AMPK kinase in myocardial remodeling after myocardial infarction
Which phenomenon is known as the "calcium paradox" in the isolated perfused heart?
How do Hsp70 and Hsp110 affect mRNA stability?
What is the role of necroptosis in cancer therapy?
What is FINDbase?
Why does the prodrug amifostine (ethyol) create hypoxia?
What is considered a reliable technique for the definitive cytogenetic diagnosis of Fanconi anemia homozygosity?
What is the role of lysine-specific demethylase 1 (LSD1) in hematopoiesis?
How are induced pluripotent stem cells used in the study and treatment of cardiovascular diseases?
How is the sequence variability defined in antibodies?
What is TFBSshape?
What is the main characteristic of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis?
Which is the mechanism used for synthesis of a highly functional N-truncated dystrophin isoform that attenuates dystrophinopathy?
What constitutes an increased risk for individuals with Fanconi anemia?
what is the role of IGF-1 in cardiac regeneration after myocardial infarction?
What is known about prostate cancer screening in the UK
What is the function of the mammalian gene Irg1?
What is the systemic nickel allergy syndrome?
Which histone modifications have been associated to alternative splicing?
What is a P-body (processing body)?
What is the genomic structure of the FAA (FANCA) gene?
Which is the genetic cause for the development of Fanconi anemia complementation group D1?
What are the most frequent non-canonical sequence motifs at the donor and acceptor splice sites in vertebrates?
What is the functionality of the Triplex R/bioconductor package?
What is transvection?
What is the role of probiotics in gastrointestinal disease?
What species is associated with Tetrodotoxin?
What is the risk in G-CSF treatment for severe congenital neutropenia?
Which is the treatment strategy followed in spinocerebellar ataxia type 3 for CAG removal?
Where is the angiogenin binding element  located?
Which event results in the acetylation of S6K1?
What is protein carbamylation?
What is the role of Inn1 in cytokinesis?
What is the INSURE procedure in premature babies.
What is the definition of minimal absent words?
What symptoms characterize the Muenke syndrome?
What pharmacological and non-pharmacological interventions can be considered as prophylactic therapies in Cluster Headache patients?
What do studies show about the effect of Induced hypothermia in premature babies?
What states the second parity rule (PR2)?
Which phenomenon is described as oncogene addiction?
What is the scope of the OMIA database?
What is the effect of methotrexate in treating uveitis due to juvenile idiopathic arthritis ?
What is HOCOMOCO?
What is the result of the interaction between TSC1 and PLK1?
What are the characteristics of the "Universal Proteomics Standard 2" (UPS2)?
What type of arrhythmia is known as bidirectional ventricular tachycardia (BDVT)?
Where does TORC1 sequester during heat stress?
What is the usefulness of ultraconserved elements in phylogeny?
What is the mechanism of action of anticoagulant medication Dabigatran?
What is the function of the yeast protein Aft1?
What is the role of mismatched uracil glycosylase (Mug) in DNA repair?
What is the effect of Allopurinol on asphyxia in neonates?
Which is the most well-accepted method for Down syndrome non-invasive prenatal diagnosis?
Elaborate on the association between Genomic Regulatory Blocks (GRBs) and target genes
Which therapeutic interventions for sarcopenia have been  applied
What is the genetic basis of progeria?
Describe July Effect.
What is the role played by mTOR in hypertrophic response and heart failure?
What is the mechanism of action of DNA topoisomerase II inhibitors?
Which is the most common genetic lesion among patients with Joubert Syndrome and a cerebello-oculo-renal phenotype?
How is CBX1/M31 related to position-effect variegation?
Describe the mechanism of action of aliskiren. 
What is the role of photodynamic therapy for meningioma treatment?
What is the Arnold-Chiari syndrome?
What is known about MER41 repeat sequences?
How functional connectivity of the default mode network changes in patients with disorders of consciousness?
What is the pyroptotic pathway?
What is the function of the AtxA pleiotropic regulator?
What is evaluated with the Hydrocephalus Outcome Questionnaire?
Which metazaon species or taxa are known to lack selenoproteins
How are CpG island shores defined?
what is the role of erythropoietin in cardiac regeneration after myocardial infarction?
What are the hallmarks of congestive heart failure?
What is the mechanism of action of ocrelizumab for treatment of multiple sclerosis?
Why graphics processing units (GPU) are more suitable for biological tasks than central processing units (CPU)?
What are the treatments of choice for GIST (gastrointestinal stromal tumor)?
What is the function of TALENs?
What is the role of thyroid hormone receptor alpha1 in insulin secretion?
Which are the main features of CREST and other ALS-linked proteins?
What is the relationship between nucleosomes and exons?
What is DeepCAGE?
What are the Topological Domains (TADs)?
What is the vibrational theory of olfaction?
What is the application of the ASSET algorithm in C.elegans?
What are the pyknons?
Describe what is the usage of the Theatre software tool for genomic analysis.
How are CRM (cis-regulatory modules) defined?
What is the role of venous angioplasty in multiple sclerosis?
What is ISMARA?
Where does TDP43 localize in ALS neurons?
What is the basis of the methodology of "functional class scoring" (FCS) for the analysis of gene expression data?
What is the Timothy syndrome?
Which is the underlying mechanism for exon skipping used to treat Duchenne muscular dystrophy?
What is the treatment of Riedel disease (thyroiditis)?
What is the evolutionary process described by the "Muller's ratchet" model?
What is the association between proBNP serum concentrations and stroke outcomes?
What is the effect that EZH2 has on chromatin?
What are the generic versions of Viagra
What is Sotos syndrome?
What is the CRAPome database?
How does TNF affect thyroid hormone receptors?
What is the effect of dovitinib on the cell cycle?
What is known as Calcium Induced Calcium Release (CICR) and its role in cardiomyocyte contractility?
What is the action of molindone?
What is the function of the enzymes known as dual specificity phoshpatases (DUSPs)?
How are human accelerated regions (HAR) defined?
How are GRBs (Genomic Regulatory Blocks) defined?
What is STARR-seq?
What is the effect of ROS on cyclin B1?
Provide examples of how molecular transporters contribute to multi-drug resistance in bacteria.
What is the minimal genome build?
Describe Malgaigne fracture.
Define marine metaproteomics
What is GRO-seq?
What is the role of Caenorhabditis elegans Heterochromatin protein 1 (HPL-2) in development?
What are the pregnancy outcomes in rheumatoid arthritis?
What is DNAshape?
How are thyroid hormones involved in the development of diabetic cardiomyopathy?
What is the effect of SAHA treatment in Huntington's disease?
What is known about the role of mHealth in the prevention of disease?
How does ranolazine affect kinase signaling activation in the heart?
Which depression rating scales were shown to have acceptable psychometric properties for screening of poststroke depression?
What is known as the cause of subacute thyroiditis?
Elaborate on the TREAT-NMD initiative for DMD patients
What heterotachy states about molecular evolutionary processes?
What are the effects of homozygosity of EDNRB mutations in addition to Hirschsprung disease?
Which is the major function of sororin?
What are piggyBAC transposons?
what is the role of GATA-4 in regeneration of the heart after myocardial infarction?
How does adrenergic signaling affect thyroid hormone receptors?
what is the role of prostaglandins in cardiac regenaration after myocardial infarction?
Describe Mozart effect.
What is the purpose of the Tokuhashi scoring system?
What is  the clinical value of naltrexone in Parkinson's disease patients?
What is the efficacy of oxaliplatin monotherapy in the management of colorectal cancer?
Which is the molecular function of the protein CCDC40?
What is the role of  chromomethylases in plants?
What is Cerebral Cavernous Malformation?
What is the treatment of interferon-induced thyroiditis?
What is known about food intolerance and gluten ?
What is known about the effectiveness of electronic food diaries ?
Which biological process in known as Endoplasmic Reticulum-Associated Protein Degradation (ERAD)?
What is known about the economic cost of urinary incontinence?
What is known about diseases associated with mutations in the CHCHD10 gene?
Give examples of next-generation sequencing applications in mutation screening?
What is BioASQ?
What is smFISH?
What is the correlation between SPARC expression and growth inhibition in human cancer?
What are the functions of the ESCRT machinery?
What is the role of TRH in hypertension?
Which mechanisms underlie adaptive mutagenesis (stationary-phase mutagenesis) in Bacillus subtilis?
Describe the usefulness of Macrostomum lignano in ion channel and stem cell research
How thyrocyte destruction is induced in autoimmune thyroiditis?
What causes erucism?
Which is the localization of the RIFIN family of proteins?
What is the suggested clinical management of Fanconi anemia?
Describe Hot water reflex epilepsy.
Which is the mechanism used by bacteria to induce tumors in Arabidopsis?
What is SHAPE-Seq?
Describe the involvement of conserved noncoding sequences in the regulation of Hox genes.
Give an overview of visualizing genomes with oligopaint FISH probes.
What is Targeted Chromatin Capture (T2C)?
What are the reported adverse effects of topical minoxidil?
Describe Heyde syndrome.
What is the association between moon cycle and rupture risk of intracranial aneurysms?
Is there any evidence of dysregulated long non coding RNAs and Alzheimer's disease?
What is known about type D personality trait in cancer patients?
What is the the Menzerath-Altmann law?
What is the role of the Ada O6-alkylguanine alkyltransferase in bacteria?
Super-SILAC is a method used in quantitative proteomics. What is the super-SILAC mix? (SILAC: Stable Isotopic labelling by aminoacids in cell culture)
What is ChiRP-seq (Chromatin Isolation by RNA Purification sequencing)?
What is the treatment of choice  for gastric lymphoma?
What are the applications of a Dermaroller ?
What is the role of music therapy in coma patients.
Other than protein coding potential, what features set apart long non-coding RNAs from protein coding genes?
Describe mechanism of action of PLX3397 drug.
Which deficiency is the cause of restless leg syndrome
Describe armoured brain syndrome.
What are the signatures of aggressive periodontitis?
What is the principle of ATAC (Assay for Transposase-Accessible Chromatin) technique?
What is the genetic basis of progeria
What is the "Proteomic ruler"?
What is the mechanism by which HIV-1-encoded Vif protein allows virus replication?
What is the effect of ranolazine in diastolic heart failure?
Elaborate on the potential efficacy of gemcitabine for the treatment of recurrent, platinum-resistant epithelial ovarian cancer.
How does Foxa transcription factor exhibits its pioneering function?
Describe the isolation of transcription factor complexes by in vivo biotinylation tagging and direct binding to streptavidin beads, as applied for the case of the essential hematopoietic transcription factor GATA-1.
What are the molecular characteristics of the FAA (FANCA) cDNA?
What are the skeletal muscle satellite cells?
What is the association between GERD and gluten ?
What is the use of emulsion PCR in Next Generation Sequencing?
What is the function of the MTH1 enzyme in cancer cells?
What is the role of the Tsix gene during X chromosome inactivation?
What is the advantage of neutral loss detection in phosphoproteomics?
What is ceritinib?
What is the main mechanism by which human papillomavirus proteins E6 and E7 contribute to cell transformation?
What is the implication of histone lysine methylation in medulloblastoma?
What is the Orco protein in mosquitos?
What is the role of 5hmC (5 hydroxy-methyl-Cytocine) in differentiation?
What is CRISPRi?
How is mTORC1 involved in the regulation of heat stress?
How does long-range epigenetic silencing (LRES) occur?
Under which conditions does AMPK phosphorylate TSC2?
What colonoscopy findings have been reported in autism
What is a disordered protein?
What is the catalytic mechanism of DNA (cytosine-5) methyltransferases? 
What is the mechanism of action of geldanamycin?
What is the association between number of pregnancies and rheumatoid arthritis
What was the aim of the HAMLET clinical trial?
Can we use prodrug amifostine to protect healthy cell during chemotherapy?
What is the molecular pathogenesis of Spinal Muscular Atrophy?
What is known about potential implication of thyroid hormone receptors in arterial hypertension?
Elaborate on the link between conserved noncoding elements (CNEs) and fractality.
What is known about the Kub5-Hera/RPRD1B interactome?
What is Desomorphine?
Elaborate on the role of CARMEN in cardiac specification.
What is the mechanism of action of peginesatide?
What is the role of ZNF335 in microcephaly?
What are the exonic splice enhancers?
What causes Scurvy?
Describe clinical presentation of Ambras syndrome.
What is the benserazide's mechanism of function when co-administered with L-DOPA in patients with Parkinson's Disease?
What are reactive metabolites?
What are prions?
What is sQTLseekeR?
What is Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease (CJD)?
Describe what is athelia syndrome?
What is BioCreative?
What is the mechanism of action of raxibacumab?
What is the effect of CPEB3 binding to the CPE domain?
What is the Shelterin complex?
What do statins do?
What is Path2PPI?
What is the role of cohesins at the IFNG locus?
Describe Wellens' Syndrome.
What is the function of transthyretin in cerebrospinal fluid?
Where is the protein slitrk1 localized?
Describe clinical manifestation of the Harlequin syndrome.
What is promoted by ERAP1-ERAP2 dimerization?
What is adhesive capsulitis
Describe the applicability of Semantic MediaWiki in the case of FANTOM5
What is Bartter syndrome?
What is the major difference between eucaryotes and procaryotes?
What is the HSP70-HSP110 disaggregase machinery?
Describe the usefulness of MiRduplexSVM.
What kind of analyses are performed with the software tool "unipept"
What is "Epitranscriptome analysis"?
What is the mechanism of action of the biguanide class of diabetes drugs?
What is clinical presentation of the Gardner-Diamond syndrome?
Define lncRNA.
What makes telomerase a good drug target?
What is the doRiNA database?
What is the purpose of the Orpington Prognostic Scale?
What is the applicability of the MCAST algorithm?
What is the function of yeast Clr4 on chromatin?
What are Kupffer cells and what is their role?
What is the role of histone variant H2A.W?
Describe clinical applications of the PIM2 scoring system.
Which disease is associated with mutations in SLC40A1 gene?
Describe Exploding head syndrome.
Describe crowned dens syndrome.
How are looped genes identified in yest?
What is the function of the DGAT1 gene product?
What is the purpose of HaploReg v4?
What is Mondor's disease?
How are immediate early genes (IEG) defined?
What is known about telomere length shortening and stress?
What are Degrons?
What is the role of Lysine 2-hydroxyisobutyrylation?
What is REVIGO?
What is the mechanism of action of onartuzumab?
How is primary intestinal lymphangiectasia (PIL) caused?
What are congenital disorders of glycosylation?
What is the function of the protein tafazzin?
What are assassin bugs?
Where are the unipolar brush cells localized?
What is DECKO?
What is a mimotope vaccine?
Describe clinical manifestation of the Mal de debarquement syndrome.
How are triple negative gliomas characterized?
What is ectopia lentis?
What is the function of gasdermin D?
What is the Genome 10K Project?
What is MIRA-seq?
How does Ssu72 mediate gene looping?
What is the role of peptide aptamers?
What are sirtuins?
What is ChIPpeakAnno?
Describe ATR-16 syndrome.
What is the mechanism of action of Romosozumab?
What is PANTHER-PSEP?
What is MPE-seq?
What is the biological function of the SRY circular RNA (circRNA)?
What is Uhl's anomaly?
Can aspirin be used in cancer prevention?
What is the link between TB (Turbeculosis) infection and TNFa inhibition?
What happens upon disruption of a TAD boundary?
What is the CEGA catalog?
What is magnetoreception?
What is the function of mTOR?
Describe the applicability of Basset in the context of deep learning
Describe the usefulness of CAMUR in The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA)
What is the function of lncRNA?
What is the function of the exosome?
What is metaSPAdes?
What is the function of the dormancy survival regulator (DosR) in Mycobacterium tuberculosis?
Which are the effects of ALDH2 deficiency?
What is the role of the positive effector of transcription (pet) in the hepatitis B virus?
What is the role of Kmt5a in liver?
What is the FIRE (Functional Inference of Regulators of Expression) tool?
Describe mechanism of action of Napabucasin.
Which are the properties of mammalian GA-sequences?
What is the main focus of the CVE R/Bioconductor package?
How are topologically associating domains (TAD) associated with replication timing?
How are cryptic unstable transcripts (CUTs) defined?
Which is the transcriptome of RNA polymerase III?
What is the function of the TFIIS transcriptional factor (Dst1) in yeast?
What is the genetic basis of the Delayed Sleep-Phase Syndrome (DSPS)?
What are jakinibs?
Describe GARLIC (GWAS-based Prediction Toolkit for Connecting Diseases and Cell Types)
What is masitinib an inhibitor of?
What is the mode of action of teriparatide?
What is the Strelka workflow?
What is Morgellons disease?
What is Cellbase?
What is the asosciation between the eustachian tube and the palatine muscle of the uvula?
What is the link between TADs and GRBs?
What is Target Explorer?
What does the human IVIG treatment for Alzheimer's disease contain?
What is Q-nexus?
What is LHON, also known as Lebers syndrome?
What is the ReliableGenome?
Which is the specificity of deubiquitinase USP25?
What is the phenomenon of gene kissing?
Where do centromeres locate according to the Rabl orientation of eukaryotic nuclei?
What is the function of STAR elements in yeast telomeres?
How does parathyroid hormone affect circulating levels of periostin?
What is cebocephaly
How can network assortativity be applied in the three-dimensional analysis of the genome?
How is CTCF activated post-translationally?
What is miravirsen?
What is GenomeVIP?
What is BBCAnalyzer?
What is the purpose of the FaceBase consortium?
What is TCGA2BED?
Describe nursemaid's elbow injury.
What is the 959 Nematode Genomes initiative?
What is CellMaps?
Describe SNP2TFBS
What is SMiLE-seq?
What is libgapmis?
What is the mechanism of action of Tezepelumab?
What is the association between kidney donation risk of gestational complications?
Describe the RNA Centric Annotation System (RCAS)
What is Chronic Wasting Disease (CWD) in deer?
What does A1C measure?
What is craniosynostosis?
Describe Click-PEGylation
A SLEDAI score is associated with Systemic Lupus Erythematosus. What is a SLEDAI score?
What is the aim of the 4D nucleome project?
When is 16S rRNA Gene Sequencing used?
What is the association of circular RNA to breast cancer?
What is host induced gene silencing?
What is maternal spindle transfer?
What is the role of tankyrases in response to Double Strand Breaks (DSBs)?
What is PARP inhibitor (PARPi) resistance?
What are pQTLs?
What is Dysphoric Milk Ejection Reflex?
What is the "protein inference problem"?
What is the link between lithium use during pregnancy and Ebstein anomaly?
What does the Ribosome-bound Quality Control complex do?
Describe mechanism of action of Romosozumab.
Which proteins are regulated by Nrf2?
What is the purpose of the Tabix tool?
What is MULTOVL?
How is Hsd17b1 associated with endometriosis?
What is INCB3619?
Describe Vanishing lung syndrome.
What is calciphylaxis
Which organ express and secretes the hormone FGF21?
What is the biological role of Neddylation?
What is break induced replication?
What is a fibrocyte?
What is the aim of the PhenCode database?
What is the basis of the Sp3 procedure used in proteomics?
What is "enhancer hijacking"?
How are deletion breakpoints defined?
How is the nuclear localization of lncRNA mediated?
What is the TALE-iD method used for?
What is myelin?
What phenotype is associated with the V60L mutation in the human MC1R gene?
What is the aim of  perfoming a "cycloheximide chase assay"?
What is Mendelian randomization?
What is hemolacria?
What is the 3D genome browser?
What is TPMCalculator?
Describe clinical presentation of Escobar syndrome.
What is small-activating RNA?
What is the mechanism of action of Ivosidenib?
Which is the basis of the ATAC-Seq protocol?
What is vcfanno?
What is the association of Disease-Associated STRs (daSTRs) with domain boundaries?
What is the link between ultraconserved elements and three-dimensional mammalian genome organization?
What are the "Ohnologs"?
What is TissueEnrich?
What is DiseaseEnhancer?
What is the role of ZCCHC17?
What is latex bead phagocytosis?
How is the Regulatory Trait Concordance (RTC) calculated?
What is filipin staining used for?
How can PEGylation improve recombinant drugs?
Describe GeneCodeq
What is the mechanism of action of arimoclomol?
What is the purpose of the Ottawa Ankle Rule?
What is PANDAS disease?
What is CPX351?
What is ivosidenib?
Describe symptoms of the Visual snow syndrome.
What is ferroptosis?
Briefly describe a deep learning system that is more accurate than human experts at detecting melanoma.
What is GeneWeaver used for?
What is PEGylation?
Describe Canvas SPW
What is CamurWeb?
Describe SLIC-CAGE
What is achalasia?
What is the contribution of ultraconserved elements in Australasian smurf-weevils?
How does botulism toxin act on the muscle?
Describe the mechanism of action of apalutamide.
What is Bayesian haplotyping used for?
Describe Herpetic Whitlow.
What is a prolactinoma and where in the body would they be found?
What is the association of epigallocatechin with the cardiovascular system?
What is the mechanism of action of tucatinib?
Describe the mechanism of action of Lurbinectedin.
What is COG112?
What is the function of Taraxasterol  in rheumatoid arthritis?
What is PhenomeCentral?
How can super-enhancers be used in disease diagnosis?
Which proteins are markers of HPV oncogenic activity?
Describe the bartender algorithm
Describe CapSim
What is the mode of action of Tetrocarcin-A?
What are CRISPR-Cas12a proteins?
What is the difference between the nuclease Cas13a and C2c2
What is the mechanism of action of Inclisiran?
What is opdivo?
What are there sex differences in SAMHD1 activity?
Which enhancers are characterized as latent?
What is the difference between COG133 and COG112?
How are gas vesicle proteins used in imaging?
What are super-enhancers
What is the mode of action for Tocilizumab?
What is Quorum Sensing in bacteria?
What are the phenotypic features of the autosomal dominant, development disease, Noonans syndrome
What is the dbSUPER database?
What is known about the gene MIR140?
What is the mode of action of the Tc toxins?
What are acoustic reported genes used to detect?
What is a lipin 1 protein doing?
What is epitranscriptomics?
What is a SMR based BCI?
What conditions are associated with mutations in the gene FAAH?
What is aphasia?
What is the role of Acyl-Homoserine Lactone  in bacteria?
What are invasomes
What is the function of the SSX proteins?
What is Invaplex 50?
What is known about the orphan receptor GPR151?
Describe the Disambiguate algorithm and its application in next generation sequencing data
Which is the function of the PRDM9 protein in mammals?
What is known about EphA2 in drug resistance?
How is Slc22a3 imprinted?
What is the BioPlex network?
How are nucleosome posisitions correlated with sites of 5'-methyl-cytosine (5mC) or 5-hydroxy-methyl-cytosine (5hmC)?
How does PRDM9 recognize the specific DNA motifs for meiotic recombination?
What is the mechanism of action of ozanimod?
What are Syndecans?
What is chemokinesis?
What is the link between dental x-ray and brain tumor risk?
List angiotensin-converting-enzyme inhibitors.
How does androgen deprivation therapy affect pain perception?
What is VISMapper?
What is Taupathy?
What is particular about the mouse Fxy gene's chromosomal position?
What is GeneCodeq?
What is the function of the ISW1 and CHD1 remodellers in yeast chromatin?
What is Idiopathic toe walking?
What is the difference between Daptacel and Pentacel?
What is herd immunity?
What is the basis of the methidiumpropyl-EDTA sequencing (MPE-seq) method?
Describe f-scLVM
What is MLE4901?
What is a J pouch?
Describe the mechanism of action of Trilaciclib.
What is Quadracel?
How is the mouse Fxy gene evolving?
What is the purpose of the LINCS Project?
What is Heterochromia Iridis?
Can the radiation of cellphones be dangerous?
What is known about ROS production in relation to UVR?
What is PWMScan?
What is the basis of the DamID experimental protocol?
What is the function of the Spt6 gene in yeast?
What is ProSavin?
What is Q-SYMBIO?
What is the function of the NIPBL factor in genome conformation?
Can nrf2 activation lead to resistance to radiotherapy?
What is the basis of the capture Hi-C experimental protocol?
What is the role of Scc2/Nipbl?
What is Hemochromatosis?
Describe the Java Adverse Drug Event (JADE) tool
What is known about PAI-1 in longevity in humans?
What is RiboTag profiling?
What is foliglurax?
What is water radiolysis?
Describe mechanism of action of volanesorsen.
What is the effect of HMGB2 loss on CTCF clustering?
Which cells are affected in radiation-induced leukemias?
What is Scalp cirsoid aneurysms?
What are the puQTLs (promoter-usage Quantitative Trait Loci)?
What is PRL3-zumab?
What is the content of the REPAIRtoire database?
What is the current regulation of eye lens radiation exposure?
What is Amyand hernia?
What is the Lupus Severity Index (LSI)?
Describe ChromoTrace
What is the aim of iodine prophylaxis?
Who should wear dosimeters?
What is circulating free DNA ( cfDNA)?
What are the in vivo effects of AZD8601?
What is Nextflow?
What is SpatialDE?
Describe Twiddler Syndrome.
What are Drosophila's balancer chromosomes?
What does osanetant and talnetant have in common?
What is the purpose of the Sunnybrook Facial Grading System?
What is the function of the PDZ domain in SATB1?
What is the basis of the BLISS technique?
What is a zoonotic virus?
What is minodixil approved for?
Describe the Open Targets platform
What is ESN364?
What is the interaction between WAPL and PDS5 proteins?
What is the function of a protein kinase?
What can we measure with the TSA-Seq method?
What is the function of CR elements in B-cells?
What virus is the  Gardisil vaccine used for?
What are the eRNA-producing centers (EPCs)?
Describe Brain Radiation Information Data Exchange (BRIDE) approach
Describe the mechanism of action of Omecamtiv Mecarbil.
What is the use of the Liverpool Elbow Score?
What is the goal of the RadRAT calculator?
Describe manifestations of KIF1A-related disorders in children
What is endoplasmic reticulum stress?
What is an operon?
What is CRAO in the context of the eye?
What is the risk for secondary cancer after proton beam therapy?
What causes yellowing of the skin and eyes, also known as jaundice, in patients with liver failure?
What can be isolated from Pleurotus mutilus?
What is the outcome of COVID-19 patients treated with tocilizumab?
What is canSAR?
What is the mechanism of action of magrolimab?
What is the reason for the abundance of operons in the genome of C. elegans?
What is the function of a protein degron?
What is the function of the chromHMM software?
Is lorcaserin associated with increased cancer risk?
What is Corkscrew Esophagus?
Can you summarize Myasthenia Gravis?
Which S1P receptors does fingolimod bind to?
Explain the action of Balovaptan.
Describe SWItchMiner (SWIM)
What are the uber-operons?
What is RADICL-seq?
What is known about mammalian melatonin receptors?
What is holoprosencephaly?
What is bimagrumab
What are commensal bacteria?
What is the role of alcohol acyl transferases in fruit aroma?
Why are male calico cats rare?
Describe the Enhancing NeuroImaging Genetics through Meta-Analysis (ENIGMA) Consortium
Explain the use of Radio Frequency Ablation as a treatment
What is EPICCURE?
Describe CrossICC
What is Couvelaire Uterus?
What is TSA-Seq used for?
What is the role of elagolix in treatment of uterine fibroids?
What has capmatinib received FDA approval for in 2020?
Describe the mechanism of action of Lisocabtagene maraleucel.
Which is the role of mediator in genome organization?
Describe LowMACA
Why is fingolimod considered a prodrug?
What is the aim of the TRAP method?
What is the function of HP1a in the nucleus?
What is the Oncomine Dx Target test?
What is a ciliopathy?
What is AZD8601?
Explain amniotic band syndrome.
What is known about natriuretic peptide receptor A?
Describe PWMScan
What is BEL(Biological Expression Language) used for?
What is the mechanism of action of vosoritide?
What is the "flight-or-fight response"?
What is the mechanism of action of idasanutlin?
Describe DeepTRIAGE
What is Pseudomelanosis duodeni?
What are the uses of Nirsevimab?
What is the proteoglycan Tsukushi?
What is the role of Adamts18 in hormone receptor signaling?
Describe ReactomeGSA
What is Leptomeningeal disease?
Describe MSstatsTMT
What is particular about the 3D structure of the inactive X chromosome?
Why mothers with a CYP2D6 ultrarapid metabolizer phenotype may expose their infants to risk of adverse events when taking codeine while breastfeeding?
What is the mechanisms of action of Evinacumab?
What is the relationship between the X chromosome and a  neutrophil drumstick?
Describe the INSPEcT R package
Explain the association between Barr bodies (nuclear inclusions) and the X chromosome?
What is the effect of the alleles CYP2C19*2 and CYP2C19*3 on CYP2C19 function?
Describe Full Spectrum of Intolerance to Loss-of-function (FUSIL)
What is the effect of Carbendazim on bees?
What is caused by gain-of-function variants in SYK?
Summarize the cause of autosomal dominant Spinocerebellar Ataxia type 3.
Describe GREEKC
What is Neuromedin U (NmU)
Describe SPar-K
What is the relationship between RUNX1T1 and FTO?
What is the mechanism of action of Etesevimab?
Describe the GenomeAsia 100K Project
What is Etizolam?
What is caused by de novo VPS4A mutations?
Which maternal CYP2D6 related phenotype may expose their infants to risk of adverse events when taking codeine while breastfeeding?
Describe the web application VICTOR
What is the human proteoform project?
Describe ANTISOMA
What is STATegra?
Describe the application of whole genome sequencing in the diagnosis of primary ciliary dyskinesia (PCD)
Summarize Fanconi's anemia
Describe SBGNview
What is the mechanism of action of Evinacumab?
What is the role of SDE2?
What is Shone's complex?
Describe the N6-methyladenosine RNA modification in AML
What is the cause of Bow Hunter's syndrome?
What is the Bartter syndrome?
What is the role of miR-193b in prostate cancer?
What is NTI, Nerve Tissue Contrast Index
Describe bigPint
Describe meCLICK-Seq
What is carcinoma en cuirasse?
What is Morton's Neuroma?
What is Tagsedi?
What is PPROM?
What is the use of the CAHP score?
What is F105-P?
What are piRNAs?
What is Upadacitinib?
What is Mobilome-seq?
What is known about FANK1?
What is nephropathic cystinosis?
What is the correlation of Cathepsin L and COVID-19?
What links muscle cellular pathways to ALS?
What links lipid metabolism pathways to ALS?
Define pseudotumor cerebri. How is it treated?
What is pseudodementia?
How does condensin affect the function of topoisomeraseII?
What are chromones?
What is the function of the YY1 transcriptional regulator?
Is ALS a heritable disease?
What is ARNIL?
Describe the syndrome that is caused by biallelic variants in HPDL
What is the role of KAT7 in AML?
What is the p-crAssphage?
What is the effect of epiregulin expression in tumors?
What is Cereblon?
What is the use of the Canadian C-Spine Rule?
Describe InteractiveComplexHeatmap
What is the use of Brain Metastasis Velocity (BMV) Model?
What is "cell competition"?
What is IDD in relation to organ transplantation?
What is the 4D nucleome project?
Describe nextNEOpi
Describe RCandy
How does FTO suppress pancreatic tumorigenesis?
What is the role of PCAT6 in human cancers?
What is the use of the Apfel Score?
What is EpiMethylTag?
Describe Multilocus Inherited Neoplasia Allele Syndrome (MINAS)
What is the mechanisms of action of Gilteritinib?
What is synthetic lethality?
What is the mechanism of action of Adagrasib?
Which disease is targeted by Fazirsiran?
What is the difference between Duchenne muscular Dystrophy and Becker muscular dystrophy?
What is Lance-Adams syndrome?
What are promoters?
What is the significance of a persistently positive RT-PCR for weeks after illness?
What is the difference between siRNA and Antisense oligonucleotide therapeutics
How is amniotic fluid produced?
What is the difference between Facioscapulohumeral Muscular Dystrophy type 1 (FSHD1) and type 2 (FSHD2)?
What is the definition of trichotillomania?
What were the results of the DESTINY-Breast04 Trial?
What is the mechanism of action of tiragolumab?
What is hereditary angioedema?
What does Cal-light do?
What is the role of the Mediator in gene expression?
What are clinical features of the Achard-Thiers syndrome?
What are coactivators?
Please summarize Feline Spongiform Encephalopathy(FSE
What are Luminopsins?
What are master regulatory genes?
What are genome-wide association studies (GWAS)?
What is a glossectomy?
Explain gene knock-down.
What is the treatment for trichotillomania?
What is Tastin?
What is a regulon?
What is the mechanism of action of Zanidatamab?
What is Friedreich's Ataxia?
What does the term "homeotic transformation" mean?
What is the role of enhancers in cancer?
What is Spinal-bulbar muscular atrophy (SBMA)?
Which are the targets of Tirzepatide?
What is the use of darolutamide?
What is the mechanism of action of rilzabrutinib?
What is a PROTAC?
What would be the benefits of using a virtual digital twin in nutrition?
How does SRSF11 contribute to metastasis potential of colorectal cancer?
How does SRSF11 promote metastasis of colon cancer?
Please summarize haptenization.
Please summarize the difference between REMS and RMPs
What is telegenetics?
What is the definition of dermatillomania?
What is Oculopharyngeal Muscular Dystrophy (OPMD)?
What is the mechanisms of action of Dersimelagon?
What is a spillover event?
What is prurigo nodularis?
What is Primary Diffuse Meningeal Melanomatosis?
What is the mechanism of action of Pegozafermin?
What is the mechanism of action of Peresolimab?
What is IL-35?
Please summarize MuSK Antibody positive Myasthenia Gravis.
Is it advisable to bring the fever down when it is supposedly meant to assist in the fight of disease?
What is DEXTR
What is the use of P85-Ab?
Burkitt lymphoma and Epstein-Barr virus.
What is KineDMD?
Transgender identity and mortality.
What is the potential role of the tumor microenvironment and factors like stem cells in contributing to the recurrence of glioblastoma?
How does Pamrevlumab work?
What is Alzheimer's disease?
Impact of pollution on asthma.
What is the significance of Acute pancreatitis-induced splanchnic vein thrombosis
What is the epidemiology of breast cancer in men?
What is a basket trial?
Cancer risk in transgender individuals.
What is the association between statins and stroke?
Trends of acute epiglottitis in children.
How is Huntington's Disease inherited?
What are eRNAs and what is their function?
What is acupotomy?
What are the new treatments for cystic fibrosis?
Mortality in schizophrenia.
What is the transmission mechanism of the Hendra virus in humans?
What is the asosciation between the  eustachian tube and the uvula?
Is the protein Papilin secreted?
Are long non coding RNAs spliced?
Does metformin interfere thyroxine absorption?
Is the monoclonal antibody Trastuzumab (Herceptin) of potential use in the treatment of prostate cancer?
Is Alu hypomethylation associated with breast cancer?
Proteomic analyses need prior knowledge of the organism complete genome. Is the complete genome of the bacteria of the genus Arthrobacter available?
Is stop codon bypass possible?
Do mutations of AKT1 occur in meningiomas?
Does BNP increase after intensive exercise in athletes?
Are there web based self management strategies for chronic pain ?
Is Weaver syndrome similar to Sotos?
Are ultraconserved elements often transcribed?
Is peripheral neuroepithelioma related to Ewing sarcoma?
Are long non coding RNAs as conserved in sequence as protein coding genes?
Is TENS machine effective in pain?
Is there any algorithm for enhancer identification from chromatin state?
Are transcribed ultraconserved regions involved in cancer?
Do patients with Pendred syndrome present congenital deafness?
Is CD56 useful in Ewing sarcoma prognosis?
Is Tuberous Sclerosis a genetic disease?
Are there any urine biomarkers for chronic kidney disease?
Can Levoxyl (levothyroxine sodium) cause insomnia?
Is fatigue prevalent in patients receiving treatment for glioblastoma?
Have Quantitative Trait Loci affecting splicing (splicing QTLs) been linked to disease?
Are stress granules involved in the pathogenesis of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis?
Is MammaPrint cleared by the United States Food and Drug Administration? 
Is amantadine effective for treatment of disorders conciousness?
Is GAGA associated with nucleosome-free regions (NFR)?
Is amiodarone a class I anti-arrhythmic drug?
Is SLC22A3 expressed in the brain?
Is PTEN involved in follicular thyroid carcinoma?
Does strenuous physical activity affect thyroid hormone metabolism?
Is the gene MAOA epigenetically modified by methylation?
Is glycyl-tRNA synthetase gene involved in the development of Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease?
Is there an increased risk for cancer in Dyskeratosis Congenita?
Are there any statistical methods for normalizing and identifying differential regions in histone modification ChIP-seq data?
Are there any specific antidotes for rivaroxaban?
Is cytisine superior to nicotine replacement therapy for smoking cessation?
Is the abnormal dosage of ultraconserved elements disfavored in cancer cells?
Does thyroid hormone regulate calcium transient in the myocardium? 
Are proteasome inhibitors good candidates for treatment of leukemia and solid tumors?
Is there any link between CTF4 and CTF18 during sister chromatid cohesion?
Does administration of triiodothyronine improve outcome following coronary artery bypass grafting?
Is long QT syndrome a cause for sudden cardiac death in athletes?
Are there focused databases from which you can retrieve gene expression data on renal disease?
Are there any DNMT3 proteins present in plants?
Has vitamin D has been shown to reduce incidence of falls in older people in clinical trials?
Has depression been shown to be a predictor of frailty?
Is it safe to take isotretinoin during pregnancy?
Do orphan and gene related CpG islands follow power-law-like distributions?
Can valproic acid act as an activator of AMPK?
Is low T3 syndrome a prognostic marker in patients with renal insufficiency?
Does burning mouth syndrome preferentially affect post-mepopausal women?
Can life style changes reduce oxidative stress
Is oxidative stress affected by FOXO expression?
Is the Dictyostelium discoideum proteome known?
Is single-cell analysis (SCA) possible in proteomics?
Is shotgun lipidomics the direct infusion of a lipid sample into a mass spectrometer?
Is apixaban effective for treatment of acute venous thromboembolism?
Is the tricarboxylic acid (TCA) cycle affected in inflammation?
Is the Wnt protein modified by notum?
Can zinc finger nucleases be used to combat disease?
Is RET the major gene involved in Hirschsprung disease?
is intense physical activity associated with longevity ?
Are cyclophilins proteins that bind to prolines?
Has the protein SETMAR (Metnase) a transposase domain?
Is alternative splicing of apoptotic genes playing a role in the response to DNA or mitochondrial damage?
Is nucleosome eviction ATP-dependent?
Is microRNA(miRNA) 29 involved in post-ischemic cardiac remodeling?
Can sorafenib activate AMPK?
Is exome sequencing efficient for the detection of germline mutations?
Is it feasible to determine the complete proteome of yeast?
Are circRNAs associated with diseases and traits?
Are there any functional differences between Mfd and its human Cocaine syndrome protein B (CSB) homolog?
Have thyronamines  effects on fat tissue?
Is there a package in R/bioconductor for classification of alternative splicing?
Is alemtuzumab effective for remission induction in patients diagnosed with T-cell prolymphocytic leukemia?
Is intense physical activity associated with longevity?
Is desmin an intermediate filament protein involved in Dilated Cardiomyopathy (DCM)?
Is lambrolizumab effective for treatment of patients with melanoma ?
Is cadasil syndrome a hereditary disease?
Is there an association between borna virus and brain tumor?
Does PU.1 (SPI1) affect NF-kB binding?
Does the majority of the mitochondrial genomes abide to the second parity rule (PR2)?
Is there an association between bruxism and reflux?
Is paroxetine effective for treatment of premenstrual dysphoric disorder?
Is endostatin a proangiogenic factor?
Can botulism poisoning of a pregnant woman harm her fetus?
Does a linker histone exist in the yeast genome?
Can protein coding exons originate from ALU sequences?
Are there transposon-free regions in mammalian genomes?
Are messenger RNA molecules epigenetically methylated?
Have gnotobiotic animal models been used for the study of bowel disease?
Is invasion and metastasis one of the hallmarks of cancer?
Can we detect DNA strand asymmetries using dinucleotide relative abundance "genomic signatures"?
Is there any relationship between histone ubiquitylation and splicing?
Have mutations in the GARS gene been identified to cause Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease Type 2D (CMT2D)?
Does melanoma  occur in people of African origin ?
Are people with blood group O protected against severe Malaria?
Can venlafaxine block NET and SERT?
Are epigenetic modifications implicated in cardiovascular development and disease?
Is Kanzaki disease associated with deficiency in alpha-N-acetylgalactosaminidase?
Is Mycobacterium avium less susceptible to antibiotics than Mycobacterium tuberculosis?
Are there conserved noncoding elements identified between genomes of human and teleosts?
Does cortical spreading depression appear in ischemic penumbra following ischemic stroke?
Is Alpers disease inherited in an autosomal recessive mode?
Is there an association between TERT promoter mutation and survival of glioma patients?
Does ziconotide bind to N-type calcium channels?
Is oxalate renal excretion increased after bariatric surgery?
Are BBS mutations involved in syndromic Hirschsprung disease?
Is there an association between bruxism and reflux
Is the gene DUX4 epigenetically regulated in somatic cells?
Have hESC been tested for the treatment of age-related macular degeneration?
Does d-tubocurarine (d-TC) induces irreversible inhibition of nicotinic acetylcholine receptor (nAChR) at the neuromuscular junction?
Could DNA (cytosine-5-)-methyltransferases serve as tumour markers?
Is phospholamban phosphorylated by Protein kinase A?
Are there telemedicine applications for chronic pain management?
Is paramyxovirus involved in human subacute thyroiditis?
Is CD99 encoded by MIC2 gene?
Has the fungus Ashbya gossypii got many nuclei that share cytoplasm?
Is microRNA(miRNA) 30 involved in post-ischemic cardiac remodeling?
Is statin use associated with improved outcomes after aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage?
Does molindone affect body weight?
Is the SDHAF2 gene  encoding a protein necessary for flavination of SDHA?
Does resveratrol reduce cardiac remodeling?
Are Alu elements transcribed?
Are chromomethylases present in animal genomes?
Is low T3 syndrome related with high BNP in cardiac patients?
Has overexpression of sirtuins been reported to increase lifespan in budding yeast (Saccharomyces cerevisiae)?
Does the protein mTOR regulate autophagy?
Has proteomics been used in the study of Pick's disease?
Is signal transducer and activator of transcription-3 (STAT3) critical for tumor angiogenesis progression?
Is sumoylation implicated in myogenesis?
Are retroviruses used for gene therapy?
Are there randomised controlled trials on sevoflurane?
Can FOXOs modulate longevity?
Is there an association between FGFR3 mutation and plagiocephaly?
Are CD44 variants (CD44v) associated with poor prognosis of metastasis?
Is Bladder training an effective method to treat  urge incontinence ?
Do proton pump inhibitors affect thyroxine absorption?
Is PER3 required for CHK2 activation in human cells?
Is the optogenetics tool ChR2 light-sensitive?
Is the Prostate- Specific Antigen (PSA) test relevant only for prostate cancer?
Is autism one of the characteristics of Moebius syndrome?
Is Sarcolipin a regulatory/inhibitory protein of the Calcium ATPase SERCA?
Is the circadian clock involved in ribosome biogenesis?
Can mutations in Calmodulin cause ventricular fibrillation?
Is rivaroxaban metabolized in kidneys?
Is Hirschsprung disease one of the characteristics of the Mowat-Wilson syndrome?
Is insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) able to affect tendon protein synthesis in classic Ehlers-Danlos syndrome patients?
Does GC content vary markedly within a given isochore?
Can NXY-059 be used for treatment of acute ischemic stroke patients?
Is flibanserin effetive for Hypoactive Sexual Desire Disorder? 
Is recommended the use of perioperative treatment with thyroid hormone therapy in patients undergoing coronary artery bypass grafting?
Is protein CXCR4 used as a prognostic marker of cancer?
Is transcapillary  albumin escape altered in diabetic patients?
Are conserved noncoding elements associated with developmental genes?
Is myasthenia gravis associated with osteoporosis?
Does a selective sweep increase genetic variation?
Is Lysine-specific demethylase 1 (LSD1) a critical regulator of hematopoiesis?
Is K-63 linked protein ubiquitination related to proteasomal degradation?
Could transcription factors act as cell-cell signalling molecules?
is pharmacological treatment of subclinical hypothyroidism effective in reducing cardiovascular events?
Are histone deacetylase (HDAC) inhibitors good candidates to control metastasis of solid tumors?
Have 5q35 microdeletions been implicated in Sotos syndrome development?
Is metabolic syndrome related with cardiovascular disease?
Are defects in recombination repair involved in carcinogenesis?
Is there a genome-wide technique for the detection of R-loop formation?
Can bioprinting use human cells?
Is transcription-associated mutagenesis (TAM) related to gene expression levels?
Is Dicer part of the RISC loading complex?
Is hypersensitivity to DNA crosslinking agents a hallmark of Fanconi anemia?
Are psammoma bodies characteristic to meningiomas?
Can fetal aneuploidy be detected with non-invasive prenatal testing?
Is dichlorphenamide effective for periodic paralysis?
Does  thyroid hormone receptor beta1 affect insulin secretion?
Does replication timing affect the rate of somatic mutations?
Does the histidine-rich Ca-binding protein (HRC) interact with triadin?
Are there any desmins present in plants?
Are viruses involved in the etiology of human subacute thyroiditis?
Is miR-126 involved in heart failure?
Is there a role for transcription factories in genome organization?
Is the length of the poly(A) tail involved in human disease?
Are patients with marfan syndrome at increased risk of arrhythmias?
Has protein citrullination been implicated in rheumatoid arthritis?
Do R-loops tend to form at sites of DNA replication?
Is it safe to use Abatacept during pregnancy?
Are CTCF and BORIS involved in genome regulation and cancer?
Are Sidekick proteins members of the immunoglobulin superfamily?
Is there a relationship between junctin and ryanodine receptors?
Have mutations in the ZEB2 gene been found in any human syndrome?
Is JTV519 (K201) a potential drug for the prevention of arrhythmias?
Are the Fanconi anemia genes a part of the same signalling pathway?
Are there clinical trials using stem cells for the treatment of cardiac disease?
Is DNA methylation an epigenetic modification of chromatin related to gene expression?
Is Growth factor independence 1b (GFI1B) important for hematopoiesis?
Has Revlimid been approved by the US Food and Drug Administration?
Has single guide RNA been used on human cells?
Is Fibroblast Growth Factor 23 a phosphaturic hormone?
Is it possible to purify pseudopodia to be used for proteomic analysis?
Are DNA helicases involved in progeroid syndromes?
Is there association of matrix metalloproteinases with behaviour of pituitary adenomas?
Does Chromatin Immunoprecipitation (ChIP) show a bias for highly expressed loci?
Is clathrin involved in E-cadherin endocytosis?
Is Propofol used for short-term sedation?
Does splicing occur co-transcriptionally?
Are there clinical trials on stem cells in multiple sclerosis
Are piRNAs involved in gene silencing?
Are there any Decision support systems for chronic pain management ?
Does amiodarone affect thyroid hormone receptors in the myocardium?
Are there any HCV replication inhibitors available?
Is cocaine use associated with increased risk for intracerebral hemorrhage?
Is there evidence for somatic mosaicism in Tuberous Sclerosis?
Does smoking increase risk for glioblastoma?
Is Wnt16b secreted in response to chemotherapy?
Do DNA double-strand breaks play a causal role in carcinogenesis?
Do conserved noncoding elements co-occur with matrix-attachment regions?
Does surgery for ovarian endometriomas improve fertility?
Are ACTA1 (alpha actin) and NEB (nebulin) genes related to nemaline myopathy?
Does thyroid hormone affect cardiac remodeling ?
Are there currently applications of deep learning in genomics?
Are CpG islands located close to housekeeping genes?
Is COL5A2 gene associated to ischemic heart disease?
Have microRNAs been implicated in pharmacogenomics? 
Is nicotinamide effective for skin cancer prevention?
Do Parkinson's disease patients experience stridor?
Is there an association between serum interleukin-6 concentrations and outcomes of stroke patients?
Could bioprinting be used in regenerative medicine against bone disease?
Is macroautophagy a selective degradation process?
Is there any link between conserved noncoding elements and alternative splicing in vertebrates?
Is muscle regeneration possible in mdx mice with the use of induced mesenchymal stem cells?
Is the SDHAF2 gene encoding a protein necessary for flavination of SDHA?
Is zolpidem an antibiotic?
Can desvenlafaxine be used at a dose of 50mg/day?
Is the regulation of Vsr endonuclease independent of the growth phase of bacteria?
Are there interactomes available for POU5F1 and SOX2?
Is Rheumatoid Arthritis related to myopathy?
Has the protein GFP been used in transgenesis for live protein imaging?
Is the Snord116 cluster associated with the Prader-Willi syndrome?
Is poly (ADP- ribosylation) involved in transcriptional control?
Is nimodipine recommended for prevention of vasospasm in aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage patients?
Was tamoxifen tested for treatment of glioma patients?
Are there any animal models for Niemann-Pick C1 disease?
Does HER2 under-expression lead to favorable response to trastuzumab?
Is the PTPN22 gene a biomarker for rheumatoid arthritis?
Can administration of the thyrotropin releasing hormone reduce fatigue in cancer patients?
Is curcumin a phytochemical?
Is Fanconi anemia presented as a genetically and clinically heterogeneous disease entity?
Is there evidence for de novo genesis of enhancers in vertebrates?
Is TNNI3K a cardiac-specific protein?
Is factor XI deficient in Hemophilia C?
Are EDNRB mutations involved in the development of Hirschsprung disease?
Are optogenetics tools used in the study and treatment of epilepsy?
Is micro RNA 1 (miR-1) implicated in cardiac arrhythmias?
Are there Conserved Noncoding Elements (CNEs) in invertebrate genomes?
Do all archaea possess multiple origins of DNA replication?
Is there a difference in the rate between gene fusion and gene fission?
Can cognitive behavioral therapy improve fatigue in cancer patients?
Is protein Fbw7 a SCF type of E3 ubiquitin ligase?
Is there increased incidence of incontinence in athletes?
Are there enhancer RNAs (eRNAs)?
Are conserved noncoding elements associated with the evolution of animal body plans?
Are DNA methylation maps applicable to the diagnosis of non-small-cell lung carcinomas?
Is triadin involved in cardiac function?
Is Mammaprint approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration?
Is HER2 active only when it dimerizes?
Are microRNA (miR) regulated through DNA methylation of their promoters?
Are nucleosomes positioned at DNA replication origins?
Does nimotuzumab improve survival of glioblastoma patients?
Is there a relation between ANP and transcapillary albumin escape?
Can chronological age be predicted by measuring telomere length?
Can RNASeq be used for the analysis of nascent transcripts?
Are shadow enhancers associated with development?
Is Crohn's disease (CD) linked to the consumption of refrigerated food?
Are there Conserved Noncoding Elements (CNEs) in plant genomes?
Can tetracycline affect tooth formation?
Could Catecholaminergic Polymorphic Ventricular Tachycardia (CPVT) cause sudden cardiac death?
Does Apolipoprotein E (ApoE) have anti-inflammatory activity?
Is the ACE inhibitor indicated for lung cancer treatment?
Are genes symmetrically distributed between leading and lagging DNA strand in bacteria?
Is c-myc subject to regulation by the circadian clock?
is there an increase in ultrasound comets after intense exercise?
Can cffDNA be used for non-invasive testing?
Is the UGT1A1*28 polymorphism associated with irinotecan response in Caucasians?
Do U6-associated proteins Lsm4 and Lsm6 interact with SMN?
Does MVIIA and MVIIC bind to the same calcium channel?
Is arimoclomol a co-inducer of the heat shock response?
Does the 3D structure of  the genome remain stable during cell differentiation?
Does dronedarone  affect  T3 and T4 levels?
Is the HRC Ser96Ala variant associated with sudden cardiac death in patients with dilated cardiomyopathy?
Is it possible to determine the proteome of a formalin fixed and paraffin embedded  (FFPE) tissue?
Is aganglionic megacolon a feature of Down syndrome?
Is Titin the largest single protein molecule found in Nature?
Does Serca2a bind PLN in the heart?
Was modafinil tested for schizophrenia treatment?
Is depression associated with poor prognosis of brain tumor patients?
Have germline variants been associated to colorectal cancer?
Is it possible to visualize subtahalamic nucleus by using transcranial ultrasound?
Is gastro esophageal reflux related to burning mouth syndrome?
Is thrombophilia related to increased risk of miscarriage?
Does nifedipine inhibit L-type calcium channels?
Is there any data to suggest that TRH (thyrotropin releasing hormone) administration can improve symptom severity of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis patients?
Can siRNA affect response to afatinib treatment?
Does triiodothyronine stimulate red blood cell sodium potassium pump?
Is selumetinib effective in thyroid cancer?
Are immune cells affected in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis?
Is thyroid hormone therapy indicated in patients with heart failure?
Is there a mouse model for Fanconi anemia?
Could Hyperthermic intraperitoneal chemotherapy (HIPEC) be effective for the treatment of recurrent ovarian cancer?
Is the gene SLC6A2 associated with orthostatic intolerance?
Can we use platelet biomarkers to study Alzheimer's disease?
Is CHEK2 involved in cell cycle control?
Are the proteins Erbin (LAP2) and Merlin cooperating?
Are cyclophilins ubiquitously expressed?
Are adenylyl cyclases always transmembrane proteins?
Does low T3 negatively affect prognosis of patients after cardiac surgery?
Does neuroglobin has neuroprotective properties in the setting of traumatic brain injury?
Can the iPS cell technology be used in Fanconi anemia therapy?
Can Preimplantation Genetic Diagnosis (PGD) be used for gender selection?
Has proteomics been used in the study of the dry eye syndrome?
Does TRIM37 gene mutation causes Mulibrey nanism?
Have thyronamines effects on fat tissue?
Is there any protein that undergoes both mono-ubiquitination and poly-ubiquitination?
Are pseudogenes enriched with housekeeping protein families?
Is physical performance influenced by thyroid hormone metabolism?
Do plant genomes contain CpG islands?
Are high-flow nasal cannulae effective for treatment of preterm infants?
Is the Histidine-Rich Calcium Binding protein (HRC) related to arrhythmias and cardiac disease?
Does SCRIB deregulation promote cancer?
Is cardiac magnetic resonance imaging indicated in the pre-participation screening of athletes?
Is imatinib an antidepressant drug?
Are ultraconserved elements depleted among copy number variants (CNVs)?
Is the microRNA 132 (miR-132) involved in brain pathologies?
Does ghrelin play a role in ischemic stroke?
Is LPS a microbial product?
Has field-programmable gate array (FPGA) technology been used to solve sequence alignment problems?
Is the JNK pathway activated during liver regeneration?
Is calcium overload involved in the development of diabetic cardiomyopathy?
Is RIP1 (RIP-1) part of the necrosome?
Is the protein KCNQ2 associated with idiopathic epilepsy?
Can RNAPolII function as an RNA-dependent RNA-polymerase?
Does the Oncotype DX test work with paraffin embedded tissues?
Is marijuana use associated with increased risk for stroke?
Are mutations in the STXBP1 gene associated with epilepsy?
Is mitofusin 2 a receptor for parkin?
Are microtubules marked by glutamylation?
Is synapsin a phosphoprotein?
Is Thalidomide currently a marketed drug?
Has Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency an X-linked inheritance?
Is the toxin produced by Clostridium botulinum always deadly?
Is there a role of regorafenib for sarcoma treatment?
Is NADPH oxidase 5 expressed in rodents?
Does Vitamin D induce  autophagy?
Is the protein lefty an inhibitor of nodal?
Do statins cause diabetes?
Are deletions of chromosomal regulatory boundaries associated with congenital disease?
Can the Micro-C XL method achieve mononucleosome resolution?
Can Diabetes be caused by a defect in a potassium chanel?
Could hypophosphatemic rickets cause craniosynostosis?
Can NEECHAM Confusion Scale be used for evaluation of postoperative delirium?
Has small pox been eradicated from the world?
Is there alternative polyadenylation during zebrafish development?
Are alterations in ultraconserved elements implicated in breast cancer?
Is there any tool that facilitates the functional analysis of cis-regulatory regions in zebrafish?
Has whole exome sequencing been performed in Alzheimer patients?
Is Stat4 a transcription factor?
Have the promoter regions of the genes implicated in Rett Syndrome been characterized with CAGE?
Has "RNA interference" been awarded Nobel prize?
Is there any role for Pds5b in cohesion establishment?
Could plasmepsins be used as targets for developing anti-malaria drugs?
Is there a role for gamma knife in treatment of Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder?
Does NADPH oxidase 5 require any subunit for function?
Do IEG create a ripple effect of transcription?
Can telomere length shortening be reversed by telomerase?
Is ABCE1 involved in ribosomal recycling?
Does oculocutaneous albinism show an autosomal recessive inheritance?
Are Ultra-conserved elements (UCEs) enriched in segmental duplications?
Is there any involvement of the long non-coding RNA Gomafu in schizophrenia?
Is butterfly rash a symptom of Systemic lupus erythematosus?
Is infertility characteristic of individuals with Fanconi anemia?
Does mTOR regulate the translation of MAPKAPK2?
Could divalent metal transporter 1 deficiency lead to anemia?
Is lenvatinib effective for renal cell carcinoma?
Does HuR bind to the untranslated regions (UTRs) of mRNAs?
Is there a role of proton beam therapy in medulloblastoma treatment?
Are there canonical marks of active chromatin in developmentally regulated genes?
Are there methods for generating highly multiplexed ChIP-seq libraries?
Is Doxorubicin cardiotoxic?
Is the mouse Sry gene locus free of repetitive sequences?
Can Pentraxin 3 predict outcomes of sepsis?
Is ocular melanosis a risk factor for uveal melanoma?
Is the enzyme EPRS phosphorylated?
Is there a relationship between B cells and Multiple Sclerosis?
Does Yersinia pestis causes a respiratory infection?
Are the genes for marneral biosynthesis scattered in the genome of A. thaliana?
Is Dupilumab used for treatment of atopic dermatitis?
Is PUVA therapy indicated for eczema treatment?
Can glyburide reduce cerebral edema?
Is vemurafenib used for thyroid cancer?
Are mutations in the C9orf72  gene associated with macular degeneration?
Is Musclin a secretory peptide?
Are cutaneous porphyrias inherited with a recessive pattern?
Can valproic acid prolong survival of glioblastoma patients?
Is Cryptococcus neoformans a frequent cause of isolated skin infections in immunocompromised individuals
Is Obeticholic Acid used for treatment of Primary Biliary Cholangitis?
Does the word ovine refers to goats?
Does GATA-1 regulate ribosomal protein genes?
Does the TOP2B/TOP2A expression ratio affect the response to AML chemotherapy?
Is diphosphatidylglycerol (cardiolipin) a phospholipid of the mitochondrial membranes?
Have studies shown that there is no link between DNA methylation patterns and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder?
Are hepadnaviral minichromosomes free of nucleosomes?
Is Cri Du Chat associated with an expansion of a repeat with in the gene found on chromosome 5?
Is osteocrin expressed exclusively in the bone?
Are alterations in ultraconserved elements associated with colorectal adenocarcinoma?
Is skin color affected by variations of the SLC24A5 gene?
Do circRNAs remain untranslated?
Is autophagy the process where bacteria ingest viral particles?
Is tirilazad effective for treatment of aneurysmal subarachnoid haemorrhage?
Is dexamethasone recommended for treatment of intracerebral hemorrhage?
Is airplane stroke syndrome a common disease.
Is hydroxyurea usually used to treated infectious disease?
Can acupuncture cause spinal epidural hematoma?
Is edema a symptom of nephrotic syndrome?
Is Pfh1 a component of the replisome?
Does the Abelson-related gene (ARG) gene encode for a serine kinase?
Is Prochlorococcus the most abundant photosynthetic organism?
Does the histone chaperone ASF1 interact with histones H1/H2?
Is Hepatic mesenchymal hamartoma usually a malignant tumor?
Is there any involvement of L1 retrotransposition in the Rett syndrome?
Is Downs syndrome associated with decreased risk of leukemia?
Does RNA polymerase II have RNA cleavage activity?
Is there a sequence bias in MNase digestion patterns?
Does TFIIS affect nucleosome positioning?
Is tretinoin effective for photoaging?
Does TUC.338 inhibit colorectal cancer?
Has ruxolitinib received FDA approval?
Is scuba diving safe during pregnancy?
Does deflazacort have more side effects than prednisone?
Does echinacea increase anaphylaxis risk?
Are neurexins localized at pre-synapses?
Are there ultraconserved genomic regions in the budding yeast?
Is davunetide being considered for the treatment of progressive supranuclear palsy?
Is autophagy modulated in a circadian fashion?
Is Drk essential for anesthesia-resistant memory (ARM) in Drosophila?
Are TAD boundaries in Drosophila depleted in highly-expressed genes?
Is enzastaurin effective treatment of glioblastoma?
Is dasatinib effective for treatment of glioblastoma?
Has IVIG been tested in clinical trials for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease?
Is there an RNAi drug being developed to treat amyloidosis?
Is there an association between carcinoid syndrome and mitral valve disease?
Are there RNAi approaches considered for the treatment of kidney injury?
Is propranolol used for treatment of infantile hemangioma?
Can the CEP290 gene mutations be targeted by AAV-mediated gene therapy?
Are mutations in the nf1 gene associated with memory?
Is ACI-35 a passive vaccine?
Is DNA methylation correlated with nucleosome occupancy?
Does DDX54 play a role in DNA damage response?
Do bacteria from the genus Morexella cause respiratory infections?
Do chromatin features predict genes associated with eQTLs?
Are Conserved Nonexonic Elements (CNEEs) important in phylogenomics research?
Can the yeast protein Abf1 act as insulator?
Is a CpG island methylator phenotype involved in ependymomas?
Are loop domains preserved upon cohesin loss?
Is Loss of function one of the cardinal signs of inflammation?
Does the association of PARP1 and CTCF follow a circadian rhythm?
Are mouse chromosomes acrocentric?
Is overproduction of transthyretin is associated with amyloidosis associated neuropathy?
SGOT is an abbreviation for an enzyme other wise known as alanine amino transferase, yes or no?
Is patisiran currently (November 2017) in clinical phase II trials?
Are organisms in the genus Morexella associated with sepsis?
Are there mammalian promoters with distal enhancer functions?
Are splicing speckles associated with transcription?
Does Enzastaurin improve survival of glioblastoma patients?
Is CREB a key memory protein?
Does the human lncRNA LINC-PINT promote tumorigenesis?
Is LDB1-mediated enhancer looping dependent on cohesin?
Can radius fracture cause carpal tunnel syndrome?
Can Logic Alignment Free (LAF) be used for bacterial genomes classification?
Is Marfan syndrome associated with chordal rupture?
Is there an association between Klinefelter syndrome and breast cancer?
Are the human bombesin receptors, GRPR and NMBR, frequently overexpressed G-protein-coupled-receptors by lung-cancers?
Is vorinostat effective for glioblastoma?
Is there any role of Dlx1 and Dlx2 transcription factors in cortical interneurons?
Does prolactinoma increase osteoporosis risk?
Down's syndrome occurs when an individual has an extra copy or part of a copy of chromosome 21, yes or no?
Is celiac disease caused by gliadin-induced transglutaminase-2 (TG2)-dependent events ?
Does wheat belongs to the genus Avena, yes or no?
Does Uc.160 promote cancer?
Can doxycycline cause photosensitivity?
Are paralog genes co-regulated?
Is polyadenylation a process that stabilizes a protein by adding a string of Adenosine residues to the end of the molecule?
Are stress granules membraneous?
Is the consumption of chocolate associated with an increase in cardiovascular disease?
Is the gene CDKN2A nevogenic?
Are there ways of joint Bayesian inference of risk variants?
Has intepirdine been evaluated in clinical trials? (November 2017)
Is subacute sclerosing panencephalitis caused by the Measles vaccine?
Does armodafinil improve fatigue of glioma patients?
Is pregabalin effective for sciatica?
Can gas vesicles be detected by ultrasound?
Is Citrobacter rodentium pathogenic?
Can CD55 deficiency cause thrombosis?
Are sleep apnea and snoring associated with cardiac arrhythmias?
Are osteoclasts specialized in bone degradation?
Does temsirolimus improve survival of glioblastoma patients?
Are there sex differences in the transcriptome of the mouse hippocampus?
Does verubecestat activate BACE?
Is there a link between nuclear position and DNA repair pathway choice?
Does SARM1 deletion cause neurodegeneration?
Can nanoparticles be used for afterglow imaging?
Is there any role of interleukin-11 in cardiovascular fibrosis?
Is there a disease or condition called Exploding Head Syndrome?
Is Enlimomab effective for stroke treatment?
Are AAV vectors considered for the treatment of retinal dystrophies?
Is human lysyl oxidase-like 2 a glycoprotein?
Can GDF15 be a biomarker for metformin treatment?
Has rituximab been considered as a treatment for chronic fatigues syndrome? (November 2017)
Does oncogene-induced DNA replication stress inhibit genomic instability?
Is the petrous bone used in ancient DNA sampling?
Is recursive splicing more common in short introns?
Is Lysyl oxidase crosslinking collagen?
Is the protein pelota a ribosomal rescue factor?
Is CXCL7 a chemokine?
The TRPM2 gene is associated with development of spontaneous thromboembolism?
Is Brucella abortus the organism that causes brucillosis known to cause spontaneous abortions in humans?
Is p53 a transcription factor?
Is Cystatin D a biomarker?
Are there microbes in human breast milk?
Is cariprazine effective for treatment of bipolar disorder?
Is Bobble head doll syndrome associated with hydrocephalus?
Can breastfeeding confer protection from type I diabetes?
Is there any association between the human gut microbiome and depression?
Are whole-genome duplications more divergent than small-scale duplications in yeast?
Do yeast LTR give rise to circular DNA?
Is cohesin linked to myeloid differentiation?
Is pembrolizumab effective against Ewing's sarcoma?
Can gene therapy restore auditory function?
Is the PINES framework being used for the prediction of coding variants?
Is celecoxib effective for treatment of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis?
Are ultraconserved enhancers important for normal development?
Is chlorotoxin a peptide?
Does vesatolimod inhibit TLR7?
Is selenocysteine an aminoacid?
Can simvastatin alleviate depressive symptoms?
Is P. gingivalis bacteria found in brain?
Does gepotidacin activate bacterial topoisomerase?
Is  LRP1 interacting with Urokinase receptor?
Is obesity related to cognitive decline?
Is Tisagenlecleucel effective for B-Cell Lymphoma?
Is ADP-ribosylation a PTM?
Is phospholipid hydroperoxide glutathione peroxidase a selenoprotein?
Is pacritinib effective for treatment of myelofibrosis?
Can exposure to heavy metals like lead(Pb) or cadmium(Cd) cause changes in DNA methylation patterns in Isoetes sinensis?
Has Glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate dehydrogenase (GAPDH) been reported to be a plasminogen receptor in pathogenic bacteria?
Can CPX-351 be used for the treatment of tuberculosis?
Does lucatumumab bind to CD140?
Is pazopanib an effective treatment of glioblastoma?
Are de novo mutations in regulatory elements responsible for neurodevelopmental disorders?
Are phagosomal proteins ubiquitinated?
Can enasidenib be used for the treatment of acute myeloid leukemia?
Is collagen the most abundant human protein?
Is the enzyme ERAP2 associated with the disease birdshot chorioretinopathy?
Is lucatumumab a polyclonal antibody?
Is lithium effective for treatment of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis?
Should dacomitinib be used for treatment of glioblastoma patients?
Are there ultraconserved regions in the budding yeast (Saccharomyces cerevisiae)?
Is there any role for HUWE1 in MYC signalling?
Do raspberries improve postprandial glucose and acute and chronic inflammation in adults with type 2 Diabetes?
Are Mesenchymal stem cells (MSC) multipotent cells?
Is there a deep-learning algorithm for protein solubility prediction?
Have machine learning methods been used to predict the severity of major depressive disorder(MDD)?
Can midostaurin inhibit angiogenesis?
Does Groucho related gene 5 (GRG5) have a role only in late development?
Are there tools for reviewing variant calls?
Has ivosidenib been FDA approved for use against acute myeloid leukemia?
Is Adar3 involved in learning and memory?
There is no drug available to prevent HIV infection, Pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP), yes or no?
Does allele phasing improve the phylogenetic utility of ultraconserved elements?
Does Eucommia ulmoides leaf extract ameliorates steatosis/fatty liver induced by high-fat diet?
Can mitochondria be inherited by both parents in humans?
Can Diazepam be beneficial  in the treatment of  traumatic brain injury?
Is deletion at 6q24.2-26 associated with longer survival of patients with high-grade serous ovarian carcinoma (HGSOCs)?
Can mogamulizumab be used for the treatment of cutaneous T-cell lymphoma?
Is avelumab effective for bladder cancer?
Is cabozantinib effective for Hepatocellular Carcinoma?
Is there a link between BCL11B haploinsufficiency and syndromic neurodevelopmental delay?
Is Lasmiditan effective for migraine?
Does Rhamnose have any effect on aging?
Is there any approved treatment for NAFLD?
Is Netrin-1 a secreted protein?
Is the yeast (Saccharomyces cerevisiae) genome organized into topologically associated domains (TADs)?
Does the interaction of MOV10 and RNASEH2 promote L1 retrotransposition?
Are recessive coding variants responsible for the majority of undiagnosed nonconsanguineous individuals?
Is the NLM medical text indexer (MTI) still useful and relevant?
Has strimvelis been approved by the European Medicines Agency?
Can cardiospheres be produced from skin fibroblasts?
Is there any association between suicide and autism in adolescents, yes or no?
Is lactotransferrin a tumour suppressor?
Are there tools for visualizing and processing long-read sequencing data?
Are apoE mimetics being considered as a treatment against Alzheimer's disease?
Can you computationally predict Molecular Recognition Features (MoRFs) regions in Intrinsically Disordered Proteins (IDPs)?
Velocardial facial syndrome, otherwise known as Di George syndrome  is caused by a deletion in chromosome 21, yes or no?
Is the protein Asporin related to disease?
Is L-4F an apoE mimetic peptide?
Can oleuropein aglycone interfere with amyloid aggregation?
Is actin present in the nucleus?
Can miR-122 target RUNX2?
Is it possible to analyze exosomes with FACS?
Can prevnar 13 be used in children?
Can mitochondria pass through membrane nanotubes?
Are protamines ubiquitously expressed?
Are artificial blood cells available?
Have apolipoprotein mimetics been used in clinical trials?
Is the Philadelphia chromosome a fusion between parts of chromosomes 1 and 9?
Can therapeutic levels of  Vedolizumab be found in the breast milk of nursing mothers following treatment for Inflammatory bowel disease?
Does RUNX2 inhibit astrocyte differentiation?
Are cardenolides inhibitors of Na+/K+ ATPase?
Is collagen matrix of human articular cartilage changing with disease?
Is ustekinumab a polyclonal antibody?
Is Pim-1 a protein phosphatase?
Is myc a tumour suppressor gene?
Is CD63 an exosomal marker?
Is subdural empyema a complication of sinusitis?
Anaplasma phagocytophilum is an obligate gram-negative, intracellular bacterium, yes  or no
Is the crystal structure of Pim-1 available?
Do tumour-associated macrophages have a prognostic role in gliomas?
Can mitochondria transfer from cell to cell?
Can Enlimomab improve stroke outcomes?
Is endotrophin derived from collagen?
Can Daptacel be used instead of IPOL?
Is ACE2 expressed on cell surfaces?
Can leuprorelin acetate be used as androgen deprivation therapy?
Are astrocytes part of the blood brain barrier?
Has the drug Afrezza been approved by the FDA?
Is Protoporphyrinogen oxidase localized to the mitochondrium?
Are ICAMS, Intracellular Adhesion Molecules, part of the immunoglobulin superfamily?
Is traditional Chinese medicine associated with a decreased risk of heart failure in breast cancer patients receiving doxorubicin treatment?
Is PTEN a tumour suppressor?
Is the tyrosine kinase BTK implicated in autoimmunity?
Is induction of interferon by TLR7 higher in males?
Is there a role for MRPL53 in cancer?
Does Uc.63+ promote sensitivity to treatment in prostate cancer?
Does BNN27 promote memory loss?
Are genomic regulatory blocks (GRBs) any different than TADs?
Are Spinal Intradural Primary Malignant Peripheral Nerve Sheath Tumors(MPNST) rare in neurofibromatosis patients?
Can MVA85A confer immunity against smallpox?
Is MLL3 part of the ASCOM complex?
Is marimastat effective for small-cell lung cancer?
Is Figitumumab effective for non-small cell lung cancer?
Is there a vaccine for peanut allergy?
Is golimumab effective for sarcoidosis?
Is SARS virus interacting with ACE2 encoded protein?
Is the FIP virus thought to be a mutated strain for the Feline enteric Coronavirus?
Does SATB1 regulate the RAG1 and RAG2 genes?
Is CTCF bound at nucleosome free regions?
Is PRDM9 essential for meiosis?
Should Pentoxifylline be used for treatment of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis?
Does clinical trial data support the use of minocycline for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis?
Are breaks in double stranded DNA associated with ionizing radiation?
Is KAT2A involved in Acute myeloid leukemia (AML)?
Does natalizumab improve disease course of secondary progressive multiple sclerosis?
AhR ligands are attractive drug targets for pharmaceutical development due to their induction of Cyp1a1, yes or no?
Does the chromatin remodeling complex, RSC target H2A.Z nucleosomes?
Has ZP-PTH been tested in a phase II clinical trial?
Autophagy is the process where a virus obtains nutrients from it's host, yes or no?
Does CXorf21 escape X chromosome inactivation?
Does promoter shape vary across populations?
Does xaliproden improve prognosis of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis?
Is cathepsin L active in endosomes?
Is celecoxib effective for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis?
Is the protein MCL-1 anti-apoptotic?
Is Dexmecamylamine effective for depression?
Can CMB305 be used against sarcomas?
Does ProSavin use an adenoviral vector?
Does radiation for tinea capitis increases brain tumor risk?
Is pimavanserin a typical antipsychotic?
Can Flotillin be used as exosomal marker?
Is Rad4/XPC a DNA damage sensing protein?
Is the protein ABCG2 transmembrane?
Are lamina-associated domains (LADs) associated with transcriptional activation?
Is Hemochromatosis type 4 is caused by a mutation in a recessive gene?
Can Patient-derived organoids (PDOs) recapitulate patient responses in the clinic?
Is overexpression of LY6K associated with better prognosis for non-small cell lung cancer patients?
Is the protein ABCG2 (ATP-Binding Cassette, subfamily G, member 2, transporter) excreting uric acid?
Is PF-05190457 an inverse agonist of the ghrelin receptor?
Does metformin has as an antitumor effect?
Is there a BRCA mutation analysis in the Greek population?
Has ProSavin undergone phase IV clinical trials by 2018?
Are stretch enhancers transcribed more than super-enhancers?
Are there interactions between short and long noncoding RNAs?
Can brain derived exosomes carry APP molecules?
Is SATB1 positioned close to AT-rich sequences?
Does metformin alleviate atherosclerosis?
Are CD8+ (cytotoxic) T cells and  CD4+ Helper T cells generated in the thyroid and express the T-cell receptor?
Is Huntington's disease is caused by expansion of a CTG repeat in the HTT gene on Chromosome 4?
Is there an increased risk of meningiomas in atomic bomb survivors?
Are gut microbiota profiles altered by irradiation?
Is TIM-3 a target for cancer immunotherapy in NSCLC?
Does an interferon (IFN) signature exist for SLE patients?
Is AND-1/Ctf4 essential for proliferation?
Does the BRAFV600E mutation have an effect on clinical response to radioiodine therapy?
Is the BAGEL algorithm used for arrayed CRISPR screens?
Is AZD5153 active in prostate cancer?
Is GRG5 involved only in late embryonic mouse development?
Are astronauts in higher risk for developing cancer?
Are genes that escape X-chromosome inactivation related to mental impairment?
Has LB-100 been tested in clinical trials?
Is palbociclib effective for glioblastoma?
Can discharge destinations be accurately predicted using the Risk Assessment and Prediction Tool (RAPT)?
Has amantadine ER been approved by the FDA?
Can PRL3-zumab inhibit PRL3+ cancer cells in vitro and in vivo?
Does Estrogen lead to forkhead FoxA1 activation?
Does association with the nuclear pore promote gene silencing?
Can LB-100 sensitize ovarian carcinoma to cisplatin?
Has istadefylline been considered as a treatment for Parkinson's disease?
Is amantadine ER the first approved treatment for akinesia?
Are tumour specific antigens originating from known protein coding genes?
Can LB-100 downregulate miR-33?
Is poliosis circumscripta another term for a white or unpigmented patch of hair or skin?
Is Selumetinib effective for low-grade glioma?
Does gavestinel improve outcomes of stroke patients?
Is Impetigo a viral infection that affects the skin?
Should Lubeluzole be used for treatment of ischemic stroke?
Is there a role for TET proteins in invariant natural killer T cells (iNKT) cell fate?
Thymoquinone is ineffective against radiation induced enteritis, yes or no?
Has the Spanich flu virus been reconstructed?
Is Aptiganel effective for treatment of stroke?
Is indinavir effective for treatment of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis?
Does saracatinib promote oncogenesis?
Is BCL11B involved in schizophrenia?
Is SATB1 necessary for T-cell maturation?
Have toll-like receptor 2 activators been found in food?
Does radiotherapy for Hodgkin disease increases risk for lung cancer?
Do genes with monoallelic expression contribute proportionally to genetic diversity in humans?
Has MLE4901 been tested in phase III clinical trials?
Does ESN364 activate the hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal axis?
Has ORMD-0801 been tested in patients?
Are stem cell transplants used to treat acute kidney injury?
Is deletion at 6q24.2-26 associated with shorter survival for ovarian cancer patients?
Are there negative enhancers?
Has saracatinib been tested in clinical trials?
Has tocilizumab been assessed against Covid-19?
Is Bcl-2-like protein 1 an pro apoptotic protein?
Glucoraphanin from broccoli can help reduce obesity , yes or no?
Are bacteria in the genus Clostridium facultative anaerobes?
Is tocilizumab a tumor necrosis factor inhibitor?
Do circular exons increase gene expression?
Does protein ALEX1 contain armadillo repeats?
Does radiotherapy for cervical cancer increases risk of colon cancer?
Do nematodes contain a CTCF gene?
Is tocilizumab a csDMARD?
Have the rotavirus vaccines changed the predominant rotavirus genotypes?
Can AGY be used as antidiuretic replacement therapy?
Can secondary glioblastoma be caused by brain irradiation?
Is aggrephagy a variant of autophagy?
Is there any role of genotoxic pks + E. coli in cancer?
Should tirilazad be used for treatment of ischemic stroke?
Does the use of bDMARDs during pregnancy impact neonatal development?
Do polycomb group proteins (PcG) mediate the formation of chromatin loops?
Are super enhancers structurally insulated in chromatin loops?
Does IL18 signaling have a role in thymus?
Does an antiphlogistic promotes inflammation?
Is MK-1602 a CGRP antagonist?
Is there high nucleotide diversity in the Drosophila suzukii species?
Is Hunter's disease is associated with the X Chromosome?
Is erabutoxin b usually found in plants?
Is HbA1c an ideal biomarker of well-controlled diabetes?
Are the major royal jelly proteins similar to the yellow proteins?
Is the Apis mellifera genome available?
Has the olive tree pollen proteome been studied?
Is cadherin a plasma membrane marker?
Is cabergoline used for treatment of the Nelson's syndrome ?
Is carpal tunnel syndrome a type of nerve entrapment?
Is there a link between rare variants in PPARG and type 1 diabetes?
Has ubrogepant entered clinical phase III trials?
Are PDXK mutations linked to polyneuropathy?
Is co-loss of BRCA2-RB1 associated with better prognosis for prostate cancer patients?
Does erenumab target the calcitonin gene-related peptide?
Can radiosurgery be used for the DNET tumors?
Should minocycline be used for mild Alzheimer disease?
Are there small molecule CGRPs under development for the treatment of migraine?
Is the apilimod inhibitor effective against SARS-CoV-2?
Is Lanabecestat effective for Alzheimer's disease?
Was golimumab tested for diabetes?
Is G3BP1 found in stress granules?
Is there an upper limit on the functional fraction of the human genome?
Is progeria caused by an autosomal recessive gene?
Is there a role for Dickkopf-1 (DKK1) in prostate cancer?
Has AZD9668 been tested in clinical trials?
Is Nanog repressed in pluripotent stem cells?
Are synonymous sites in primates and rodents functionally constrained?
Is YKL-40 used as a biomarker for Alzheimer's disease?
Can propofol cause green urine?
Are Gram positive bacteria able to release extracellular vesicles?
Can Panitumumab cause trichomegaly?
Is methotrexate used for the treatment of Rheumatoid Arthritis (RA)?
Is atenolol metabolized by CYP2D6?
Is the glucocorticoid receptor a transcription factor?
Are there sex differences in oncogenic mutational processes?
Is metoprolol metabolized by CYP2D6?
Does Curare function by stimulating the acetylcholine receptor?
Are somatic mutations positioned towards the nuclear periphery?
Is belimumab effective for the lupus nephritis?
Are enhancers directional in their targeting of gene promoters?
Has dupilumab been FDA approved for atopic dermatitis?
Should cerebrolysin be used for aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage?
Do bacteria release extracellular vesicles?
Do honey contain diastases/amylases?
Does AZD3759 cross the blood brain barrier?
Is the zelda transcription factor a chromatin remodeller?
Is capmatinib effective for glioblastoma?
Are there antimicrobial proteins in royal jelly?
Can thiotepa be recommended for treatment of osteosarcoma?
Does a comet assay measure radiation induced mutations?
Has the companion diagnostic HercepTest received FDA approval?
Has FTY720  been considered for the treatment of stroke?
Does daily atemoya juice intake change the pharmacokinetics of CYP1A2 substrates?
Is Cabotegravir effective for HIV prevention?
Are G-quadruplexes(G4) possible drug targets for glioblastoma?
Is Ozanimod effective for Ulcerative Colitis?
Is esophageal adenocarcinoma associated with aberrant glycosylation?
Can FTO promote pancreatic cancer development?
Is Lysozyme abundant in human tears?
Is FTY720 FDA approved?
Is tofacitinib a JAK inhibitor?
Are variants in FHF2 (also known as FGF13) associated with encephalopathy?
Is AZD9668 a VEGF mRNA drug?
Is histone variant H3.3K27M associated with gliomas?
Is istiratumab effective for pancreatic cancer?
Does bleomycin cause lung toxicity?
Is Keutel syndrome a common genetic disorder?
Unlike DNA, RNA is not methylated, yes or no?
Are circRNAs susceptible to degradation by RNase R?
Does atemoya juice inhibit tye CYP3A4 enzyme?
Is Mycobacterium abscessus a human pathogen?
Is MEDI2228 a bispecific antibody?
Is there a genetic cause of craniostenosis?
Can bergapten cross the blood-brain barrier?
Can bergapten cause phototoxicity?
Are TAMs good anticancer therapeutic targets?
Does the royal jelly contain proteins?
Does UBE4B promote renal cancer?
Does addition of valproic acid improve survival of patients with diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma?
Is there a role for CADM1 in Myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS)?
Is Sotatercept effective for Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension?
Is pRETRO-SUPER an adenoviral vector?
Is there a dependence between chromatin organization and dorsoventral gene expression in Drosophila?
Is Satb1 a transcription factor?
Can epigenetic modifications be heritable?
Is Belimumab used for lupus nephritis?
Is SOX10 expressed in melanoma cells?
Is EuroQol 5-Dimension Health Assessment (EQ-5D) [a widely used, simple instrument that monitors the general health-related quality of life (HRQoL) in chronic disease] a 5 question assessment?
Is Acute Necrotizing Encephalopathy (ANE) which typically affects young, healthy children usually triggered by exposure to air pollution?
Is Phospholemman a membrane protein?
Is neurofilament light marker for disease?
Is resistance training usually associated with increasing muscle hypertrophy?
Is Algenpantucel-L effective for pancreatic cancer?
Is Mical an oxidoreductase?
Does Amblyopia affect the eye?
Is autism thought to be related to the  Arginine Vasopressin Peptide (AVP)?
Is thalidomide used as an immunomodulatory drug nowadays?
Is there a way to distinguish COVID-19 clinically from other respiratory illnesses, particularly influenza?
Is lumbar puncture the first test that should be performed on a patient with increased intracranial pressure?
Do only changes in coding regions of MEF2C cause developmental disorders?
Is METTL1 overexpression associated with better patient survival?
Do mutations in KCNT2 only cause phenotypes with epilepsy?
Is serotonin transported by platelets?
Is Sotrovimab effective for COVID-19?
Is Otolin-1 a matrix protein?
Is AGO2 related to cytokinesis?
Is the protein HOXA11 associated with endometrial disease?
Are Tregs CD4(+)CD25(+) regulatory T cells a positive regulator of the immune response?
Is Mediator present at super enhancers?
Does atemoya juice inhibit the CYP1A2 enzyme?
Is NfL (neurofilament light chain) a biomarker of neurodegeneration?
Is Epistaxis associated with dental implant placement?
Is Daprodustat effective for anemia?
Is REGN5458 a single-targeted antibody?
Is Benralizumab effective for Chronic Spontaneous Urticaria?
Do the proteins Talin and Amot interact?
Do RNA binding Proteins  that bind to adenine uridine (AU)-rich elements (AREs) in the 5' untranslated region (UTR) of mRNAs (AU-RBPs) regulate the DNA Damage Response?
Do we find bacteriophages in the gut?
Is covid-19 induced anosmia caused by disruption of nuclear architecture?
Is PCAT6 a microRNA?
Is HDAC1 required for GATA-1 transcriptional activity?
Is telomestatin, a novel statin drug used to treat high cholesterol?
Is Ameloblastoma (AB) a common benign tumor occurring in the brain?
Is Ameloblastoma (AB) a benign tumor that never metastasizes?
Is there any role of the 'Greek islands' in olfactory receptor choice?
Is retinol binding protein 4 an adipokine?
Is HYDIN (Hydrocephalus-inducing protein homolog) an axonemal protein?
Are there any R packages that help with visualizing data on spirals?
Do Afamin bind Vitamin E?
Is disruption of immune regulation mechanisms associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes, including preeclampsia (PE)?
Can autophagy related lncRNAs be used for colorectal cancer prognosis?
Are there roles for cohesin mutations in AML?
Is ASF1 phopshorylated by  the Tousled-like kinases?
Does sphingosine-1 phosphoate suppress epiregulin?
Can whole genome sequencing be used for diagnosis of mitochondrial disease?
Can METTL3 methylate long noncoding RNAs?
Can parasite infections by Schistosoma japonicum prevent or improve asthma?
Can other vaccines be given with COVID-19 vaccine?
Is music therapy effective for pain management in neonates?
Can Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS) be associated with a mutation of the Super Oxide Dismutase 1 (SOD) gene?
Has RTA 408 received FDA approval?
Does mutation of ARTEMIS gene causes severe combined immunodeficiency?
Is adenosine methylation an epigenetic modification?
Can breastfeeding be used to alleviate the procedural pain in neonates?
Was prehospital transdermal glyceryl trinitrate effective for stroke in the RIGHT-2 trial?
Can salivary cortisol be used to evaluate pain in neonates?
Does nintedanib improve response rate in patients with bladder cancer?
Was DNX-2401 tested for treatment of Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma?
Do machine learning-based methods outperform statistical methods for survival analysis?
Was erythropoietin effective for optic neuritis in the TONE trial?
Should be used bexarotene for relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis?
Can analgesics or antipyretics be taken for side effects following COVID-19 vaccination?
Should patients using inhaled glucocorticoids for asthma or COPD be advised to stop these medications to prevent COVID-19?
Can CRISPR/Cas12a be used for the detection of EGFR mutations in circulating DNA?
Is PRP-40 involved in microexon splicing?
Does silencing of SRRM4 inhibit tumor growth across cancers?
Can the epigenetic status of introns affect gene expression?
Are Luminopsins a fusion proteins of luminol and Rhodopsin ?
Is there a way to distinguish COVID-19 clinically from other respiratory illnesses, such as influenza?
Can untranslated regions (UTRs) regulate gene expression?
Is alternative splicing associated with heart disease?
Is Functional Neurological Disorder (FND) classified as a psychosomatic disorder?
Are accessible enhancers necessarily active?
Was AAVS3 developed for hemophilia A?
Does iron regulate oligodendrocyte maturation?
Are epigenetic changes heritable?
Do epigenetic changes change the DNA sequence?
Can skin picking phenotype present following methylphenidate treatment?
Do enhancers have to be close to their gene targets?
Are there any other types of Spinal Muscular Atrophy except for types 1-4?
Is Tilavonemab effective for progressive supranuclear palsy?
Is there any treatment for the Facioscapulohumeral Muscular Dystrophy?
Do all proteins start with methionine?
Can losartan reduce brain atrophy in Alzheimer's disease?
Is PRP-40 regulation of microexons a conserved phenomenon?
Is medical hydrology the same as Spa therapy?
Does CIDEB mutation protect from liver disease?
Have chimeric antigen receptor (CAR)-T cell therapies been approved for the treatment of B cell malignancies?
Is Baricitinib effective for Alopecia Areata?
Anemia is not associated with chronic kidney failure
Can the concept of digital twins be applied in Precision Nutrition?
Based on clinical trial data, can pioglitazone delay cognitive impairment for people at risk for Alzheimer's disease?
Does silencing of SRRM4 promote microexon inclusion?
Is levosimendan effective for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis?
Can modulation of KCNQ1 splicing prevent arrhythmias?
Is trichotillomania encountered with equali frequency in males and females?
Does microexon alternative splicing of small GTPase regulators have implication in central nervous system diseases?
Is prosopagnosia also known as lack of auditory recognition?
Are only babies and young children at risk of severe malaria in endemic areas?
Should we treat all patients with glaucoma?
Is there an approved vaccine against Helicobacter pylori?
Is sectoral Heterochromia associated with Crohn's disease?
Is GC1118 effective for glioblastoma?
Is peritoneal dialysis the best option for infants with kidney failure?
Is there an association between specific genotypes and the risk of ASD for Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy?
Can enhancer-promoter interactions form independently of genomic distance?
Is DNA methylation always associated with gene silencing?
Are there any digital biomarkers for Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy?
Is there an association between specific genotypes and the risk of ADHD for Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy?
Is there an association between specific genotypes and the risk of neurodevelopmental disorders for Becker Muscular Dystrophy?
Can procalcitonin be used as a predictor for mortality in paediatric sepsis?
Are there any episignatures for Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy?
Is vaccination against all arboviruses indicated for pregnant women?
Is Vitamin D deficiency associated with sepsis mortality?
Are FOLFIRINOX plus Bevacizumab the preferred therapy for left-sided RAS wild type advanced colorectal cancer with aggressive clinical presentation?
Should corticosteroids be considered as adjunctive therapy in paediatric sepsis management?
Pasteurization kills Mycobacterium tuberculosis from infected cattle.
Is gout a very common inflammatory arthritis, which is caused by hyperbilirubinemia?
Without immunization, rabies is a lethal disease.
Should UGT1A1 alteration be routinely determined in colorectal cancer patients?
Are advanced directives an expression of the patient's wishes for future care in case they become cognitively impaired or find themselves in critical condition?
Is Depatuxizumab mafodotin effective for glioblastoma?
Is Tako-Tsubo syndrome is an irreversible form of an acute stress-related cardiomyopathy?
Does Lenvatinib plus pembrolizumab improve prognosis of advanced hepatocellular carcinoma?
Are senolytics used to treat cardiovascular disease?
Can Nitrofurantoin cause Lung Injury?
Is Durvalumab effective for locally advanced cervical cancer?
Do PPIs increase the risk of gastric cancer?
Can enhancers act as promoters?
Is Patisiran used for Transthyretin Cardiac Amyloidosis?
Is there an approved vaccine to prevent Zika virus infection during pregnancy?
Can tacrolimus increase risk of Posterior Reversible Encephalopathy Syndrome?
Is Cri du Chat syndrome (CdCS) a genetic syndrome caused by deletions in the long arm of chromosome 5
Can capivasertib be used for breast cancer?
Is cabozantinib effective for hepatocellular carcinoma?
Can tetracyline affect tooth formation?
